hum:ind contemptible scoundrel stole cork lunch ?
hum:ind scar-faced bounty hunter old west .
num:date ozzy osbourne born ?
hum:ind pride yankees ?
hum:ind killed gandhi ?
loc:state sprawling u.s. state boasts airports ?
num:count jews executed concentration camps wwii ?
num:date date boxing day ?
hum:ind 11 famous martyrs .
hum:ind inventor silly putty ?
loc:highest waterfall united states ?
loc:state states enclose chesapeake bay ?
num:count points make perfect fivepin bowling score ?
num:count community chest cards monopoly ?
num:date did neanderthal man live ?
loc:adventures of `` swiss family robinson '' place ?
num:count people world speak french ?
num:count inches feet venus milo ?
hum:ind 1920s cowboy star rode tony wonder horse ?
loc:country country galapagos islands belong to ?
hum:ind prophet muslim people ?
hum:ind snoopy 's arch-enemy ?
loc:state u.s. state lived flags ?
loc:loop ?
loc:country country 's capital tirana ?
hum:ind herb tootsie live door to ?
loc:city city oldest relationship sister�city los angeles ?
loc:names tourist attractions reims ?
loc:body water does danube river flow into ?
hum:ind founder scientology ?
hum:ind starred singing rain singing nun ?
hum:ind 19th-century painter died marquesas islands ?
loc:country country did nazis occupy 1 , cd nns nnp nnp nnp .
num:count species great white shark there ?
loc:state nickname state mississippi ?
num:count villi small intestine ?
loc:country country did king wenceslas rule ?
hum:ind marx brothers ?
num:date year new zealand excluded anzus alliance ?
num:date did cnn begin broadcasting ?
num:date did rococo painting architecture flourish ?
loc:country country 's national passenger rail called via ?
hum:ind invented make-up ?
hum:ind following rhodes scholar ?
hum:ind comprised now-defunct comic book team known champions ?
loc:state u.s. state fort knox in ?
loc:mount highest point japan ?
loc:does barney rubble work drops fred the `` flintstones '' cartoon series ?
loc:world 's oceans ?
loc:internet i song lyrics database similar international lyrics server ?
num:money money does injury lawsuit get ?
loc:i list of `` classic '' books 5th 6th graders read ?
num:period long does blood make complete trip body ?
hum:ind crooner joined andrews sisters pistol packin mama ?
num:date did bounty mutiny place ?
num:money cost purchase 2-foot-square party tent , sides , ?
hum:ind actress received oscar nominations ?
num:count years fossils form ?
loc:orinoco ?
loc:city city boasts penn 's landing , banks delaware river ?
num:count hostages killed entebbe raid ?
hum:ind earns money hard way ?
hum:ind founded people 's temple commune ?
hum:ind athlete makes money sports merchandise sales ?
num:count bends standard paper clip ?
hum:ind discovered electricity ?
hum:ind american space ?
loc:country south american countries n't border brazil ?
num:date busiest air travel season ?
loc:rose bowl played ?
hum:ind mayor marbella ?
loc:sun-blasted , 14-mile wide valley just north mojave desert ?
num:date year did thatcher prime minister ?
num:count months does moon revolve earth ?
loc:49 steps ?
num:date year gaulle elected president france ?
hum:ind sings themes for `` dawson 's creek '' and `` felicity '' ?
hum:ind directed `` jaws '' ?
num:count colonies involved american revolution ?
loc:city city maurizio pellegrin lives in ?
loc:i pictorial directions build simple treehouse ?
hum:ind managing director apricot computer ?
num:date winter months southern hemisphere ?
loc:country country contains africa 's northernmost point ?
loc:kalahari desert ?
loc:city city called gotham ?
hum:ind created dennis menace ?
hum:ind dummy received honorary degree northwestern university ?
num:date wall street journal published ?
loc:country countries largest areas forest ?
hum:ind alvin 's brothers
num:date did royal wedding prince andrew fergie place ?
hum:ind actor said day races : `` he 's dead watch stopped '' ?
hum:ind explorer nicknamed iberia 's pilot ?
num:date cnn began broadcasting year ?
loc:city south american city world 's highest commercial landing field ?
num:count species sharks there ?
num:count people world ?
num:volsize acreage chappellet vineyard ?
num:date did beethoven die ?
num:money does new railroad coal car cost ?
loc:country european countries entered war american independence british ?
hum:ind russian composer 's prelude c sharp minor brought fame fortune ?
hum:ind mother man king , duke windsor ?
num:count revolutions does standard lp make minutes ?
loc:mount tallest mountain world ?
loc:i review nightmare elm street film journal ?
hum:ind russian astronaut spacewalk ?
num:count south american countries letter z names ?
loc:george washington born ?
num:count people ground killed bombing pan flight 103 lockerbie , scotland , december 21 , cd .
hum:ind wrote nn dt nnp nnp '' ?
num:date steel united states built ?
hum:ind diminutive american female gymnast stole 1984 olympics ?
num:date did berlin wall up ?
loc:las vegas hotel burned november , 1980 , loss 84 lives ?
num:date did mount st. helen significant eruption ?
num:date did world war i start ?
num:count feet fathom ?
loc:city european city nicois live in ?
hum:ind president afghanistan 1994 ?
hum:ind lead actress movie ` sleepless seattle ' ?
hum:ind 16th president united states ?
hum:ind sons ozzie harriet nelson ?
num:date boxing day ?
num:date battle somme fought ?
num:count people did randy craft kill ?
num:date did spielberg direct `` jaws '' ?
num:volsize size largest akita ?
loc:city california 's capital ?
hum:ind author book computer hackers called `` cuckoo 's egg : tracking spy maze computer espionage '' ?
hum:ind founding member pink floyd band ?
loc:country european country home beer-producing city budweis ?
loc:christopher columbus born ?
loc:sea did romans mare nostrum ?
loc:city city did flintstones live in ?
hum:ind doonesbury character likely turn werewolf ?
loc:stadium miami dolphins play home games in ?
hum:ind speaking role in `` silent movie '' ?
num:einstein 's iq ?
num:date day pearl harbor attacked 1942 ?
hum:ind girl 's is `` teddy '' affectionate form of ?
loc:state state john f. kennedy buried in ?
loc:state u.s. state element named it ?
num:count years ago did ship titanic sink ?
loc:deepest area arctic ocean ?
num:latitude longitude el paso , texas ?
hum:ind boat gopher wood ?
loc:i a `` fifth element '' screensaver ?
hum:ind bloom county resident wreaks havoc computer ?
num:normal resting heart rate healthy adult ?
num:population ohio ?
num:count calories big mac ?
hum:ind part did john peter zenger play deveopment newspaper america ?
hum:ind followed caesar ?
hum:ind woman golfer earn million ?
loc:answers.com 's address ?
loc:i buy movies videotape online ?
hum:ind does advertizing frito-lay ?
hum:ind invented radio ?
num:count what 's american dollar equivalent 8 pounds u.k. ?
hum:ind man pig-man pulls strings speaks miss piggy ?
num:speed speed mississippi river ?
hum:ind actor portrayed james bond ?
loc:ocean largest world ?
hum:ind american poet win nobel prize literature , 1948 ?
num:date year did jack nicklaus join professional golfers association tour ?
num:count sonnets did shakespeare write ?
hum:ind won nobel peace prize 1991 ?
loc:city city did christian crusaders fight recapture muslims ?
hum:ind coach cleveland browns ?
num:speed speed mississippi river ?
hum:ind said super bowl iii 1969 : `` we 'll win- i guarantee it '' ?
hum:ind declared : `` i whores i shan 't stop ripping them '' ?
loc:does chocolate come from ?
hum:ind soviet leader owned rolls-royce ?
loc:i case individuals disabilities education act 1991 ?
hum:ind wrote song , `` stardust '' ?
num:count beatles ' records went #1 ?
hum:ind prime minister canada serve 22 years necessarily consecutively ?
loc:mount mountains lie arkansas missouri rivers ?
hum:ind received rogers award 1989 ?
loc:what 's closest g2 spectrum yellow dwarf earth ?
num:count equal angles isosceles triangle ?
hum:ind lawyer represented randy craft ?
hum:ind united states president dreamed assassinated ?
loc:basque country located ?
num:date time day did emperor hirohito die ?
num:count years did james joyce write ulysses ?
loc:city south korean city served kimpo international airport ?
num:count types dogs ' tails there - three
num:quantity american soldiers unaccounted vietnam war ?
loc:mount highest mountain earth mount everest discovered ?
loc:ligurian republic , 1797-185 , ?
loc:country country 's people television watchers ?
num:date women 's suffrage amendment ratified ?
loc:city nevada center dubbed biggest little city world ?
hum:ind president lived 219 north delaware street , independence , missouri ?
loc:soccer goalie stand permitted handle ball ?
loc:state u.s. state woman governor elected ?
num:date year did hitler die ?
hum:ind famous model married billy joel ?
num:money money dumbo 's ears insured for ?
hum:ind danced stardom fred astaire 1941 's you 'll rich ?
hum:ind fastest swimmer world ?
loc:mount highest peak africa ?
loc:procter & gamble headquartered u.s. ?
loc:desert called garden allah ?
num:count miles ohio north carolina ?
num:count snow equals inch rain ?
num:date does average teenager intercourse ?
hum:ind actor 's autobiography titled yesterdays ?
hum:ind russian master spy lived u.s. emil goldfus ?
loc:where 's 19th hole golf course ?
hum:ind played original charlie 's angels ?
loc:i person 's address telephone number ?
loc:did sarge steel metal hand ?
hum:ind wrote night iguana ?
loc:country country did king gustav v reign 197 195 ?
hum:ind painted mother child ?
num:speed speed mississippi river ?
loc:area world day war fought ?
loc:brightest star visible earth ?
hum:ind mao 's second name ?
loc:hyenas live ?
hum:ind dna - man woman ?
num:count referees work soccer game ?
num:date tulip festival michigan ?
hum:ind came name , el nino ?
hum:ind dictator nickname `` el maximo '' ?
loc:city u.s. city queen pacific ?
hum:ind tv sitcom character maiden ethel potter ?
hum:ind kept famous diary english language ?
loc:i 1 singles ?
num:count degrees cooler inside cucumber air outside ?
hum:ind spanish artist painted crucifixion ?
hum:ind spy novelist served moscow correspondent reuter times london ?
num:period long does spider-man 's web evaporate ?
hum:ind randy steven craft 's lawyer ?
loc:known spice island ?
hum:ind host person person ?
hum:ind ranger yogi bear .
hum:ind superstar rent-a-cars ?
loc:city mccarren airport located city ?
num:perc fraction beaver 's life spent swimming ?
loc:country country largest sheep population ?
loc:country country world 's largest importer cognac ?
num:count years johnnie walker black label aged ?
num:money black-and-white 1-cent stamp worth , thomas jefferson it , ?
loc:country country time zones , 11 ?
hum:ind president stanford university ?
hum:ind presidential order was : `` let 's goddamn thing airborne '' ?
loc:city city logan airport in ?
num:count innings regulation softball game ?
num:date did cnn air ?
loc:city largest city great lakes ?
num:code telephone number university kentucky ?
hum:ind invented baseball ?
num:count wives did brigham young have ?
num:dist long coney island boardwalk ?
loc:city city gained renown pea-soup fogs ?
hum:ind shot poker game deadwood , dakota territory ?
num:count colleges wyoming ?
loc:city russian seaport meaning `` lord east '' ?
loc:stocks traded on-line ?
num:date battle hastings ?
num:date did muhammad live ?
loc:mount people mountain climb nepal ?
loc:country nordic nations ?
loc:internet i information fifth amendment american rights ?
loc:state u.s. state borders illinois north ?
num:temp temperature baking peachy oat muffins ?
loc:did myth santa claus originate ?
loc:city city served logan international airport ?
hum:ind wrestling star became `` incredible hulk '' ?
loc:attracts tourists reims ?
hum:ind star 1965 broadway hit golden boy ?
loc:procter & gamble based u.s. ?
loc:web address list e-mail addresses members house representatives ?
hum:ind real name ?
hum:ind invented toothbrush ?
loc:abominable snowman said wander ?
num:count dots make symbol for `` because '' ?
num:count hearts does octopus have ?
loc:country country allowed drive israel 1979 ?
hum:ind baseball star turned a $1 , 000-a-year contract felt n't earned it ?
hum:ind video game hero fans chomper ?
num:count holes tenpin bowling ball ?
loc:city state gay men live in ?
hum:ind tv comediennes 's characters include movie star nora desmond , secretary mrs. wiggins housewife named eunice ?
num:perc percentage body muscle ?
num:money does average daycare provider paid new england ?
hum:ind played ringo kid 1939 film stagecoach ?
hum:ind died 1 feet john f. kennedy did ?
num:date site www.questions.com going open ?
hum:ind nipsy russell given birth ?
hum:ind youngest beatles ?
loc:i best free evidence debate russia ?
loc:gates microsoft e-mail address ?
loc:city russian city boasts hermitage museum ?
num:date bastille day ?
num:count shots stock m16 hold ?
hum:ind holy roman emperor ?
num:date day week sees fatal car accidents ?
loc:trinidad ?
hum:ind graced airwaves pearls as `` ya lo-o-ove me ? naked , baby ! '' ?
hum:ind portrayed portly criminologist carl hyatt checkmate ?
num:speed fast light ?
num:date american encyclopedia published ?
loc:what 's tallest building new york city ?
loc:i information narragansett indians tribes rhode island ?
num:count quarters equal pound ?
hum:ind names rowan martin , stars tv 's laugh-in ?
num:ord chapter bible verses ?
hum:ind worst president ever ?
hum:ind asian leader known little brown saint ?
num:speed fast does fastest car go ?
loc:mount highest mountain world ?
loc:arch place la concorde ?
hum:ind sings song `` drink thine eyes '' ben johnson ?
num:period long person wash hands clean ?
loc:way turn bic increase flame - clockwise counterclockwise ?
loc:country wealthiest country world ?
hum:ind monarch united kingdom ?
hum:ind common girl names us ?
loc:country country australia 's largest export market ?
loc:kentucky horse park located ?
hum:ind does data collection tourism ?
hum:ind daughter virginia chief powhatan married john rolfe ?
loc:state leading pecan peanut growing state ?
hum:ind famous founders united artists ?
num:count sperm cells average ejaculation ?
num:dist far run hit home run ?
hum:ind u.s. president wear nazi uniform ?
loc:tropical rain forest distributions ?
hum:ind what 's nickname oddsmaker jimmy snyder ?
num:number people randy steven craft convicted killing ?
num:dist far man travel outer space ?
loc:lincoln assassinated ?
num:count u.s. highway death toll 1969 ?
hum:ind autobiography titled yes i can ?
num:date year did united states pass copyright law ?
num:perc percentage americans homes ?
num:date what 's day week ?
loc:city city president william mckinley shot in ?
loc:city city world 's longest subway system ?
hum:ind claimed killed 4 , 280 buffalo food crew building kansas pacific railway ?
num:count degrees cooler inside cucumber air outside ?
hum:ind double talking `` professor '' holds doctorate nothing ?
loc:city expensive cities world ?
hum:ind 19th-century writer country estate hudson dubbed sunnyside ?
num:count layers yellow paint faber mongol pencil lucky sprayed with ?
hum:ind cook rawhide ?
loc:county chicago in ?
num:dist wingspan condor ?
hum:ind named admiral ocean seas viceroy governor general islands discover , granted 10-?? profits voyage .
num:money does average daycare provider paid new england ?
hum:ind author landed 468-pound marlin harness early 193 's ?
num:count americans fought british american revolution ?
num:count oceans them ?
num:count pairs legs does lobster have ?
loc:danube ?
hum:ind lawyer won largest divorce settlement , $85 million , u.s. history sheika dena al-farri ?
hum:ind delivered newscast march 6 , 1981 ?
num:count times has `` louie , louie '' recorded ?
loc:longest place u.s. ?
num:perc percent liked thatcher power decade ?
loc:does buzz aldrin want build permanent , manned space station ?
loc:i correct tabs eye blind songs ?
hum:ind major-league left-handed baseball pitcher known as `` space man '' ?
hum:ind michelangelo 's name ?
hum:ind democratic nominee american presidential election ?
loc:country asian country rights cows ?
num:count fingers used draw bow ?
num:date hurricane hugo ?
hum:ind president-to-member congress enlist following attack pearl harbor ?
num:money price varian associates ' vacuum products division ?
num:date was `` great depression '' ?
hum:ind classical spanish writer warned : `` glitters gold '' ?
hum:ind actor married john f. kennedy 's sister ?
hum:ind fired maria ybarra position san diego council ?
num:period italian artist , maurizio pellegrin , old ?
hum:ind black golfer tee masters ?
loc:city city setting puccini 's opera la boheme ?
hum:ind u.s. president showed fondness munching bee pollen bars ?
hum:ind cover employee universal import export ?
hum:ind president 's daughter written book titled murder white house ?
hum:ind fictional character known the `` melancholy dane '' ?
hum:ind longtime game host dropped dead jogging central park 1984 ?
hum:ind the `` filthiest people alive ? ''
num:date year did ireland elect woman president ?
loc:mozambique located ?
num:count months does normal human pregnancy last ?
hum:ind real disc jockey `` wolfman jack '' ?
loc:city city houses u.s. headquarters procter gamble ?
num:money minimum wage 1991 ?
hum:ind invented silly putty ?
hum:ind patented phonograph ?
num:count vietnamese soviet union ?
num:count average , miles moon ?
hum:ind created private detective philip marlowe ?
loc:country smallest country africa ?
hum:ind coined term nn cyberspace `` novel nn neuromancer '' ?
hum:ind man invented multicolored game cube 42.3 quintillion potential combinations ?
hum:ind lauren bacall 's husband ?
num:count hands does bjorn borg use hitting forehand ?
num:count people died d-day ?
hum:ind u.s. congressman said : `` faith , baby '' .
hum:ind created character scrooge ?
num:student population university massachusetts amherst ?
loc:windsor castle ?
num:date did dow reach ?
loc:i names 15 pokemon ?
loc:state state does martha stewart live in ?
loc:country benelux countries ?
loc:where 's petrified forest ?
loc:tornado alley ?
hum:ind author of `` john brown 's body '' ?
hum:ind american poet wrote : `` good fences make good neighbors '' ?
loc:state state u.s. blacks ?
loc:city city maurizio pellegrin lives called ?
hum:ind painted sistine chapel ?
hum:ind various costumed personas dr. henry pym .
loc:oldest website internet ?
hum:ind explorers followed columbus americas ?
hum:ind actress goldie hawn 's current actor boyfriend ?
hum:ind banned peter rose baseball betting games ?
num:date san francisco fire ?
num:count casinos atlantic city , nj ?
num:date year did vietnam war end ?
hum:ind names richard nixon 's daughters ?
num:count chromosome number elephant ?
loc:what 's longest river world ?
num:date berlin 's brandenburg gate erected ?
num:count double-word-score spaces scrabble crossword game board ?
num:date year did germany sign nonaggression pact soviet union ?
loc:mount mountain range traversed highest railroad world ?
hum:ind nicknamed little corporal ?
num:count cds garth brooks sold ?
loc:leading medical groups specializing lung diseases ?
loc:what 's sacred river india ?
loc:country stefan edberg 's native country ?
num:count gutenberg bibles there ?
loc:country largest country south america .
hum:ind american folk hero john chapman 's nickname ?
hum:ind author did photographer yousuf karsh call `` shiest man i met '' ?
loc:country country godiva chocolates from ?
hum:ind poet poem begins : i know gods ; i think river strong brown god-sullen , untamed ?
loc:state u.s. state records rainfall ?
loc:city texas city got spanish for `` yellow '' ?
loc:country country did nile river originate in ?
hum:ind barroom judge called law west pecos ?
hum:ind president costa rica 1994 ?
loc:country country best defensive position board game diplomacy ?
loc:country countries share khyber pass ?
hum:ind chairman senate select committee tried watergate ?
hum:ind actor starred 1980 's blue lagoon , 1982 's pirate movie 1983 's night heaven ?
num:count home runs did lou gehrig career ?
loc:city city headquarters sinn fein ?
loc:i information george bush ?
hum:ind voice miss piggy ?
hum:ind replaced bert parks host miss america pageant ?
num:count boys play game winslow homer 's 1872 painting snap whip ?
num:date sheep shorn ?
loc:what 's second-largest island world ?
num:date century does captain video live in ?
num:count astronauts manned project mercury flight ?
loc:logan airport ?
hum:ind person inducted u.s. swimming hall fame ?
hum:ind golfer called ohio fats blobbo ?
hum:ind murdered leno rosemary labianca august 1
num:money average cost years medical school ?
hum:ind following men married rita hayworth ?
num:money current ticket fare cairo barbados ?
loc:state state nickname mississippi ?
num:count students attend university massachusetts ?
hum:ind said , `` i shall return . '' world war two ?
hum:ind portrayed etta place , companion butch cassidey sundance kid ?
loc:what 's temple located near capital city laos ?
loc:actress , marion davies , buried ?
hum:ind charlie perfume woman ?
hum:ind portrayed `` rosanne rosanna-dana '' television show `` saturday night live '' ?
hum:ind singer despondent death freddie prinze , quit business , quit business ?
num:date did iraqi troops invade kuwait ?
hum:ind famous singing cowboy owns california angels baseball team ?
num:perc probability 2 25 people birthday ?
num:count canadians emmigrate year ?
hum:ind gerald ford 's vice president ?
num:count different languages spoken europe ?
num:date year desmond mpilo tutu awarded nobel peace prize ?
hum:ind invented batteries ?
loc:i buy good snowboard than $200 ?
hum:ind infamous pseudonym peter sutcliffe ?
loc:london street home british journalism ?
loc:city city famed st. mark 's square ?
num:money did minimum wage 1991 ?
loc:tufts university ?
num:chemical reactivity argon ?
num:count engines does boeing 737 have ?
num:dist long mao 's 1930s long march ?
num:weight does teaspoon matter weigh black hole ?
loc:state province edmonton located in ?
hum:ind did sonny liston succeed world heavyweight boxing champion ?
num:date martin luther king jr. 's real birthday ?
hum:ind president dispatched cruiser carry charles lindbergh home epic flight ?
hum:ind video titled shape arnold ?
num:count james bond novels there ?
num:volsize large arctic refuge preserve unique wildlife wilderness value alaska 's north coast ?
num:count electricity does brain need work ?
num:count acres mile ?
hum:ind who 's twin brother greek goddess artemis ?
num:money per-capita income colombia , south america , ?
num:count grammys did michael jackson win 1983 ?
loc:oldest website internet ?
num:period average age member team worked manhatten project ?
loc:country country received nobel prizes awarded 1976 ?
num:count syllables line hendecasyllabic poetry ?
loc:britain 's possession chinese mainland ?
hum:ind america 's public enemy no. 1 ?
num:count children 18 victims sort physical abuse year ?
hum:ind lives 24 sussex drive , ottawa ?
loc:state states incorporate confederate battle flag flags ?
loc:guam ?
hum:ind famous door-to-door brush salesman ?
num:count people america snore ?
hum:ind trying rent andy capp ?
hum:ind did jackie kennedy commission write death president ?
num:count stars soviet union 's flag ?
hum:ind sought create great society ?
loc:tourist attractions reims ?
num:dist lengths pearl necklaces ?
hum:ind said : `` soldiers win battles generals credit '' ?
num:period long does typical hen lay 19 dozen eggs ?
loc:city colorado city owns glacier ?
num:money does cost , average available , produce send junk mail catalogues us ? , dt cd nn nn ,
hum:ind current secretary general ?
loc:did guinea pigs originate ?
loc:country countries ' coastlines border bay biscay ?
num:date slinky invented ?
hum:ind characters ' names scooby-doo cartoon ?
hum:ind dick tracy villain appear times ?
loc:city european capital celebrated 2 , 000th anniversary 1951 ?
loc:country country setting live twice ?
num:perc thatcher 's approval rating 10 years power ?
num:count calories tomato ?
loc:state state co-educational college established
loc:country country latin america largest one ?
loc:hawaiian island pearl harbor ?
hum:ind feathered cartoon characters yugoslavians know vlaja , gaja , raja ?
num:date dick clark born ?
num:death toll people dying tuberculosis ?
loc:city city wiener schnitzel named for ?
loc:desert highest sand dunes ?
loc:country countries contain sierra nevada mountains ?
num:period long tv mission star trek 's enterprise be ?
num:code phone number i tree planted ?
num:date did the `` star-spangled banner '' national anthem ?
loc:continent 's appears upper left corner budweiser label ?
hum:ind secretary war civil war battle gettysburg ?
hum:ind did bobby fischer beat win world chess championship ?
loc:i information statistics countries nations ?
num:date day august 13 , 1971 ?
loc:i list companies america offer direct stock purchase plan ?
num:volsize big quart ?
loc:country country terrible beauty leon uris ?
loc:i buy hat like kind jay kay jamiroquai wears ?
hum:ind lawyer randy craft .
loc:homelite inc. home page ?
loc:mountainous region world lhasa apso dog native to ?
num:period long does light reach earth sun ?
hum:ind lives 39 stone canyon way ?
num:count questions thing ?
hum:ind played humpty dumpty 1933 film alice wonderland ?
hum:ind karenna gore , al gore 's oldest daughter , married to ?
hum:ind played title role i teenage werewolf ?
num:date year did hitler gain power germany ?
num:date year did rossetti paint `` beata beatrix '' ?
loc:i information touring philippines ?
num:count square feet gates ' home ?
hum:ind actor rex harrison 's son , starred modestly popular tv late 1960's ?
hum:ind inventor stove ?
hum:ind comedian legendary reputation stealing jokes ?
loc:i information cyclone hit new jersey 8/28/1941 ?
num:date boxing day celebrated date ?
hum:ind king forced agree magna carta ?
hum:ind honorary citizen u.s. ?
loc:richard nixon gerald ford president ?
num:ord does u.s. rank world countries area ?
num:perc target rate m3 growth 1992 ?
hum:ind scholar literal translations chinese japanese ezra pound depended ?
num:date did israel begin turning gaza strip jericho plo ?
hum:ind stage character face seen .
num:count energy released oxygen hydrogen mix ?
hum:ind known as `` world 's oldest teenager '' ?
loc:largest breweries world ?
loc:country country western singer known silver fox ?
loc:building appropriately depicted 1-dollar bill ?
hum:ind baseball team owner sailor known mouth south ?
hum:ind patricia hearst night kidnaped ?
hum:ind viking prince 's name ?
loc:rider college located ?
hum:ind boxer 's life story titled raging bull ?
hum:ind advised listeners to `` u.s.a. chevrolet '' ?
loc:restaurant ?
loc:i written draft ctbt ?
num:count horses died civil war ?
num:count waste does average dairy cow produce day ?
hum:ind nobel laureate expelled philippines conference east timor ?
hum:ind woman carried multiple births , twins , triplets , etc. , ?
num:count minutes original ge college bowl clock ?
num:period average time takes male ejaculate ?
loc:website international court justice ?
loc:8 10 highest mountains world ?
loc:i look perpetual calendar ?
num:count astronauts moon ?
num:date year did bounty mutiny happen ?
hum:ind bourbon king restored french throne napoleon 's abdication ?
loc:city cities university minnesota located in ?
hum:ind daughter henry viii anne boleyn queen england ?
loc:useful site internet ?
loc:mount world 's highest peak ?
hum:ind comedienne upstaged dwight d. eisenhower 's inauguration giving birth child ?
num:date olympic games nadia comaneci popular played ?
loc:hearst castle , built publisher william randolph hearst ?
loc:city what 's largest u.s. city great lakes ?
hum:ind sang desmond molly jones ?
hum:ind costume designer decided michael jackson wear glove ?
num:count rows sprocket holes does roll 35-millimeter film have ?
num:count goat population world ?
loc:sea separates naples algiers ?
num:count lawyers state new jersey ?
hum:ind blind sculptress love fantastic four 's thing .
hum:ind national basketball association superstar told story giant steps ?
num:date did fraze patent pull-tab can ?
num:count games played five-team round-robin tournament ?
hum:ind developed polio vaccine ?
hum:ind gas engine ?
loc:country country claimed rubens , van dyck bruegel citizens ?
num:count questions database ?
loc:i examples legal cases individuals disabilities education act ?
hum:ind character did tex avery create arriving mgm ?
num:date triangle shirtwaist fire ?
hum:ind asian spiritual political leader married age 13 ?
loc:ocho rios ?
loc:ocean does mauritania border ?
loc:country country kosovo part of ?
loc:city tell city kentucky horse park near ?
loc:gross 's email address ?
hum:ind english queen seventeen children ?
num:approximate population las vegas , n.m ?
num:money does president paid ?
hum:ind baseball players make battery ?
num:perc children ages eleven , percentage watch `` simpsons '' ?
loc:state what 's northernmost u.s. state apart alaska ?
loc:gallery new york .
hum:ind sells viagra ?
loc:building british monarchs crowned in ?
hum:ind did dita beard work for ?
loc:country country use airplane weapon war , turks libya ?
hum:ind served inspiration schoolteacher portrayed robin williams in `` dead poets society '' ?
num:code columbia tristar 's phone number ?
hum:ind original seven mercury program astronauts did fly mercury flights ?
hum:ind best known villain 165 gunpowder plot ?
loc:city capital burkina faso ?
loc:continent bolivia on ?
hum:ind killed people , hitler stalin ?
loc:state u.s. state blondes ?
num:count u.s. highway death toll 1969 ?
hum:ind mustachioed comedian portrayed frankie north alaska ?
num:money does utilities cost monopoly ?
hum:ind actor world war ii airman a $5 , 0 bounty put head hermann goering ?
loc:city city called insurance capital world ?
hum:ind portrayed dracula hammer studios ' films ?
num:date fish believed earth ?
hum:ind president 's favorite biblical quotation was : `` come now , let reason together '' .
num:count elevators ride reach floor empire state building ?
loc:country country sir edmund hillary born in ?
loc:city city john f. kennedy nominated president in ?
num:period long does dog sleep ?
num:money fined having dog beach ?
loc:did battle bulge place ?
num:count california year 2000 ?
hum:ind mystery writer penned `` ...glory greece , grandeur rome '' ?
loc:state state milk honey destination grapes wrath ?
loc:tallest building japan ?
loc:sinn fein 's headquarters ?
num:date iraqis launched attack kuwait day ?
loc:country country 's northernmost city darwin ?
loc:sound does olympia , washington , overlook ?
loc:city kentucky city calls horse center america ?
num:count penny-farthings trivial pursuit game board ?
loc:country european country boasts city furth , rivers rednitz pegnitz converge ?
loc:state u.s. state dixville notch in ?
loc:cisalpine republic , 1797-185 , ?
loc:largest shopping mall world ?
hum:ind protagonist 's dostoevski 's `` idiot '' ?
hum:ind presidential press secretary dismissed watergate third-rate burglary attempt ?
hum:ind authors ?
hum:ind original humpty dumpty ?
loc:location orange bowl ?
num:date president nixon 's birthday ?
hum:ind cupboard bare ?
loc:seven seas ?
hum:ind what 's popeye 's adopted son ?
hum:ind invented vacuum cleaner ?
hum:ind 2th-century fictional character attends pencey prep school ?
num:count people usa say number source information newspaper ?
hum:ind does shakespeare 's antonio borrow 3 , 0 ducats from ?
loc:country country known as `` big bear '' ?
num:count times day prescription marked `` q.i.d . '' ?
hum:ind voyager project manager ?
hum:ind commanders directed forces battle el alamein ?
hum:ind creator of `` muppets '' .
hum:ind replies `` i know '' princess leia 's confession `` i love you '' empire strikes back ?
loc:what 's home rockettes ?
loc:i information i need know english civil war , 1642-1649 , ?
hum:ind won 1967 academy award best actor ?
hum:ind private citizen fly space .
hum:ind football star elroy hirsch 's nickname ?
hum:ind singer sings `` oh boy '' ?
num:count pizza americans eat day ?
loc:website usa journal ?
loc:state u.s. state second-longest coastline ?
loc:state state 's home buffalo historical center ?
num:speed fast cheetahs run ?
num:speed fast 45mhz processor ?
hum:ind count did alexandre dumas write about ?
num:perc odds giving birth twins ?
loc:largest natural lake pennsylvania ?
num:dist far london uk california ?
num:count years old benny carter ?
loc:does santa fe trail begin end ?
loc:city city canada least-populated ?
num:period old stevie wonder ?
hum:ind taiwanese president ?
hum:ind luke skywalker 's father ?
loc:isle man ?
num:death toll eruption mount pinatubo ?
num:date millennium officially begin ?
hum:ind created comic strip , `` garfield '' ?
hum:ind vietnamese terrorist delegate doonesbury ?
loc:imaginary line rocky mountains ?
loc:country country 's capital lagos ?
loc:does ray bradbury 's chronicles place ?
hum:ind current prime minister president russia ?
hum:ind established viking colony greenland 985 ?
num:latitude longitude el paso , texas ?
loc:i information cystic fibrosis ?
loc:did honecker rule ?
num:period life span average monkey ?
num:count member states un ?
hum:ind shot killed painting wheatfield crows ?
hum:ind future president senate majority whip harry truman ?
hum:ind architect central park ?
num:dist dimensions ice hockey goal ?
num:date cnn 's broadcast ?
loc:country african country governed ouagadougou ?
hum:ind christian title character miss brooks ?
hum:ind hard-hearing artist painted sunflowers ?
hum:ind wrote sons lovers ?
loc:city french seaport claims home wines ?
num:period long does sunlight reach earth ?
num:count milliseconds second ?
hum:ind cherokee indian gave tree ?
num:date camcorders introduced malaysia ?
num:perc chance conceiving quadruplets ?
hum:ind star leave beaver ?
loc:country countries largest armed forces world ?
hum:ind william f. cody 's better-known name ?
hum:ind did richard nixon tender resignation to ?
hum:ind following rock 'n roll stars a `` star '' hollywood boulevard ?
num:money exchange rate australian american money ?
num:count states did richard nixon carry 1972 ?
num:count shillings 2 guinea ?
hum:ind took conductor boston pops arthur fiedler 's long reign ?
hum:ind nazi leader killed jail just executed war criminal ?
num:brand number graces black label bottle jack daniel 's ?
loc:city city terrorized dracula night stalker ?
hum:ind fastest guitarist ?
loc:best hospital orthopedics country ?
hum:ind betrayed norway nazis ?
hum:ind took toys donated doodyville orphans ' fund kept himself ?
hum:ind picts ?
hum:ind stationed camp swampy comic strips ?
num:date year did china republic korea establish diplomatic relations ?
num:dist tall giraffe ?
hum:ind actor dressed santa claus once-a-year affair actress shelley winters christmas years ?
num:period long did stanley livingstone ?
num:count nation 's children ages watch ` simpsons ' ?
loc:lake sheboygan on ?
loc:largest lake north america ?
num:count people died smoking problem 1997 ?
hum:ind wrote look love viewing ursula andress ?
hum:ind american swimmer won seven gold medals 1972 olympics ?
hum:ind claims greatest earth ?
hum:ind honeymooners actress did television magazine 1953 's promising star ?
hum:ind role medieval guild ?
hum:ind silly putty invented whom ?
hum:ind invented paper clip ?
hum:ind did lauren bacall marry husband humphrey bogart died ?
num:count times 16-year national basketball associaton career john havlicek member all-star team ?
loc:city city state gay men live in ?
num:period shea gould office los angeles long closing it ?
num:date year did degas create bronze sculpture , `` fourth position front ? ''
hum:ind composer awarded medal honor franklin d. roosevelt ?
num:count url extensions there ? they ?
num:period long intercourse does pregnant ?
hum:ind created fantastic four , hulk , thor ?
hum:ind composer of `` canon d major '' ?
loc:european american eels born ?
hum:ind author novel `` far madding crowd '' ?
hum:ind department store heir responsible raising three-ton safe underwater wreckage andrea doria ?
loc:city town chartered vermont ?
loc:state state longest great lakes shoreline ?
loc:state u.s. state ends g ?
num:count varieties twins there ?
loc:largest libraries us ?
num:count people live falklands ?
hum:ind camp david named for ?
hum:ind portrayed `` man face '' movie name ?
num:money money minimum wage 1991 ?
num:date year patent pull-tab opener cans obtained ?
loc:country country boasts dams ?
num:money regular price ?
loc:metropolis landmark introduced superman cartoons 1940 's ?
loc:mozambique ?
loc:city city declaration independence located ?
hum:ind won world series ?
hum:ind credited saying : `` i met man i did n't like '' ?
loc:country nationality jackson pollock ?
num:count earth 's surface permanently frozen ?
num:date queen victoria born ?
num:count people executed abraham lincoln 's assassination ?
loc:worth seeing reims ?
num:date yemen reunified ?
hum:ind mexican leader shot dead 1923 ?
num:money federal minimum wage ?
num:unemployment statistics years 1965 1990 ?
loc:santa lucia ?
hum:ind female painter produced primitives rural new england life ?
hum:ind names old men appear serial tv muppets show ?
num:horsepower shuttle boosters ?
num:date year did apartheid start ?
hum:ind created big ben ?
loc:city city city oz ?
loc:state populous state covers 49 , 576 square miles ?
loc:state state 11 million gallon oil spill ?
num:date did aldous huxley write , `` brave new world '' ?
loc:country country did ancient romans refer hibernia ?
num:period long longest hiccup attack ?
num:count people live tokyo ?
hum:ind fruit-topped actress known brazilian bombshell ?
hum:ind played title role favorite martian ?
hum:ind invented game scrabble ?
num:date did humans begin write history seriously ?
loc:city city u.s. experienced growth recently ?
loc:tokyo street glitters famed department stores nightclubs ?
num:period average life expectancy stone age ?
hum:ind mighty mouse conceived , original name ?
num:count u.s. presidents assassinated queen victoria 's reign ?
num:date flush toilet invented ?
hum:ind nathan hamill 's role new star wars prequel ?
num:count disks does player four-handed game crokinole ?
num:period old sun ?
num:perc percentage children ages watch ` simpsons ' ?
num:count years ago did led zeppelin release album ?
num:count people randy craft convicted killing ?
loc:country country woo wu dialect ?
hum:ind new york yankee known iron horse ?
hum:ind considered lady american stage ?
hum:ind penned : `` borrower lender be '' ?
hum:ind headed hitler 's infamous gestapo ?
loc:city south american city features exclusive copacabana beach ipanema ?
loc:city german city italians monaco bavaria ?
loc:island group contains jersey , guernsey , sark herm ?
hum:ind person called likes fire ?
loc:helium discovered , name ?
hum:ind musical plea true school ?
hum:ind french designer declared : `` jean destructor ! dictator ! destroying creativity. jean stopped ! '' ?
num:date season setting shakespeare 's midsummer night 's dream ?
hum:ind comedian banned ed sullivan allegedly making obscene gesture show 's host ?
loc:country country setting edgar allan poe 's pit pendulum ?
hum:ind apollo 11 astronaut minded store armstrong aldrin history ?
num:money current ticket fare cairo barbados ?
loc:mount second highest mountain peak world ?
hum:ind good little witch casper 's girlfriend ?
hum:ind nickname frederick i , holy roman emperor king germany ?
num:date month , date , year did charles i die ?
num:count cubic feet space does gallon water occupy ?
loc:what 's world 's largest cathedral ?
loc:country european countries begin letter a ?
num:count earthworms single pasture ?
hum:ind stonehenge ?
num:average hourly rate american workers ?
hum:ind who 's founder editor national review ?
num:date year did build berlin wall ?
hum:ind governor west virginia ?
loc:what 's world 's longest suspension bridge ?
loc:city asian city boasts world 's biggest bowling alley ?
num:date jean aeul publish book ?
hum:ind famous soldier born europe , died asia , laid rest africa ?
loc:city cities population million ?
loc:constellation contains twins castor pollux ?
num:count meters mile ?
loc:famed london criminal court feudal castle ?
num:count milligrams gram ?
loc:did title ?
loc:i large list 5 6 letter words ?
hum:ind michael jackson 's middle name ?
hum:ind woman fly solo atlantic ?
num:period long human gestation ?
loc:does mother angelica live ?
num:what 's population mississippi ?
hum:ind started dominos pizza chain ?
num:period old jeremy piven ?
hum:ind nba players jersey number 0 ?
num:count colored squares rubik 's cube ?
loc:mayo clinic ?
loc:caribbean island called little england ?
loc:amsterdam ?
loc:i lyrics song ` getting married today ' musical ` company ' ?
hum:ind famous movie star acted sewer commissioner provo canyon , utah ?
loc:city australian city home america 's cup ?
hum:ind randy craft 's lawyer .
loc:river does grand coulee dam dam ?
num:quadruplets born ?
num:count presidents died 4th july ?
hum:ind person called likes fire ?
hum:ind portrayed vincent van gogh lust life ?
loc:reliable site i download heretic 2 ?
num:date season begins vernal equinox ?
hum:ind known time master comic books ?
loc:did cable cars roll clay street 1873 ?
loc:george lucas 's e-mail address ?
hum:ind father computer ?
hum:ind said : `` old soldiers die ; just fade away '' ?
num:dist long tyrannosaurus rex 's teeth ?
hum:ind who 's man won olympic decathlon twice ?
loc:city kenyan city safari center east africa ?
hum:ind miss india 1994 ?
loc:state u.s. states active volcanoes ?
hum:ind second man walk moon ?
hum:ind major victorian novelist spent time working post office did writing ?
num:date year olympic games played nadia comaneci popular ?
loc:biggest indian airports ?
loc:world 's largest oceans , order size ?
hum:ind pope ?
loc:internet i information laundry detergent ?
num:count shea & gould law firm office l.a. years ?
hum:ind what 's common surname america ?
num:period long does typical american eat 23 quarts ice cream ?
loc:city city called athens switzerland ?
loc:did bocci originate ?
loc:i information bob barr , representative georgia ?
num:frequency vhf ?
num:count electoral votes does win presidency ?
loc:city cities dickens 's tale cities ?
num:date year movie commandments released ?
loc:country countries best math students ?
num:date beers company founded ?
hum:ind black performer network tv show ?
num:date date bastille day ?
loc:did freidreich wilhelm ludwig leichhardt , prussian born explorer , school ?
num:count folic acid expectant mother daily ?
num:count caffeine 16 oz cup coffee ?
loc:country countries south america landlocked ?
num:code columbia tristar 's phone number ?
num:date did princess diana prince charles married ?
loc:country country did hitler rule ?
hum:ind directed wild bunch ?
loc:city orange bowl city ?
hum:ind comedian born allen stewart konigsberg ?
num:count leos pope ?
loc:state state herbert hoover born in ?
num:count fiddlers did old king cole have ?
hum:ind poet wrote : `` ... i promises keep , miles i sleep '' ?
num:count population india ?
num:period long flies live ?
hum:ind runs andy capp 's favorite pub ?
loc:state state produces best lobster eat ?
num:count times day does typical person bathroom ?
loc:islands got spanish baja mar , meaning shallow water ?
hum:ind author days lives cookbook signed 198 liz chandler tv 's days lives ?
hum:ind president assassinated charles j. guiteau ?
hum:ind comic tv 's golden age went motto `` laugh '' ?
num:count feet long baseball pitcher 's rubber ?
loc:country nationality jackson pollock ?
hum:ind invented game bowling ?
num:count times larger life size statue liberty ?
loc:country country hitler ruled ?
num:period long does human live ?
loc:i u.s. economic statistics ?
num:count superbowls ers won ?
hum:ind creator of `` muppets '' ?
hum:ind following celebrities started show-biz career disc jockey ?
num:what 's perfect score gymnastics exercise ?
loc:city what 's capital iowa ?
hum:ind asked loco-motion 1962 ?
hum:ind president served years , months 2 days ?
hum:ind drew barrymore 's middle name ?
hum:ind supergirl 's secret identity ?
loc:federal government website standard industrial classification codes , sic , ?
hum:ind surfboard ?
hum:ind police officer tried order cat 's neighborhood ?
num:date date did rosa parks symbol civil rights movement refusing seat bus ?
num:perc highest-paying odds roulette table ?
num:date year did marine corps adopt motto `` semper fidelis '' ?
num:count films did ingmar bergman make ?
hum:ind greek god sea ?
hum:ind well-known music personality father adopted son named hans christian henderson ?
num:date barbie produced ?
hum:ind woman governor wyoming ?
num:count weeks winter ground hog sees shadow ?
hum:ind green bay packers coach philosophized : `` there 's stokes like hate '' ?
loc:henry ford museum ?
num:date year did nylon stockings sale ?
loc:city 10 largest cities us ?
hum:ind famous comedian recently tried success revive play ?
loc:drew barrymore 's email address ?
loc:country nationality 123 people died black hole calcutta ?
hum:ind tv family buys eclairs nelson 's bakery ?
hum:ind enigmatic u.s. vice president tried acquitted treason plot set independent empire west ?
hum:ind charles lindbergh 's wife ?
hum:ind sings angel eyes 80 's ?
num:date did jurassic period end ?
num:date date iraq 's invasion kuwait ?
loc:planet ewoks live on ?
hum:ind dumb-but-loveable character did maurice gosfield play phil silvers show ?
loc:sea surrounds cayman islands ?
num:count different vegetation zones there ?
loc:ocean amelia earhart flying disappeared ?
hum:ind nickname german flying ace manfred von richthofen ?
loc:country country germany invaded poland september 1939 ?
num:date rights ratified ?
loc:state largest u.s. state east mississippi ?
num:what 's population biloxi , mississippi ?
loc:california desert dubbed high desert ?
hum:ind wrote ` hamlet ' ?
loc:blackhawks maintain operations ?
loc:country african country founded freed american slaves 1847 ?
num:date year did issue of `` playboy '' come out ?
loc:city orange bowl located city ?
hum:ind pseudonym did william sydney porter use writing gift magi ?
hum:ind lucy linus peanut 's comic strip ?
hum:ind cheery fellow got zip code 9971 u.s. postal service 1963 ?
num:count layers does bottle yoo-hoo settle into ?
loc:what 's nearest star earth ?
loc:inoco based ?
num:count number assassinations attempts assassinate u.s. 1865 ?
num:count stations shoot basketball game `` world '' ?
hum:ind russian ambassador hungary 1956 uprising ?
hum:ind holds nfl record touchdowns season ?
num:period average age horse lives ?
loc:planet visit bebrenia , arcadia , amazonis ?
loc:natick ?
hum:ind wrote ` pines rome ' ?
loc:valley kings ?
loc:did sport caber-tossing originate ?
hum:ind played chicago bears , houston oilers oakland raiders 26-year pro football career ?
loc:union stockyards ?
loc:does weird shape dinner fish knife originate from ?
num:count children does ray davies kinks have ?
num:count years did shea & gould practice law los angeles ?
num:count salt oceans ?
hum:ind leads star ship enterprise star trek ?
hum:ind won world war ii ?
loc:does u.s. energy ?
loc:country country , canada mexico , closest u.s. ?
hum:ind garrett morgan married to ?
hum:ind darth vader 's son ?
num:count stars big dipper ?
num:count wings does flea have ?
loc:country country called queen antilles ?
loc:i website gives comparisons good prices ?
num:population mozambique ?
loc:state state indians ?
num:dist long camptown racetrack ?
hum:ind blob members animated herculoids .
loc:did luther display his `` ninety-theses '' ?
loc:river pocahontas buried along ?
num:count miles london , england plymouth , england ?
loc:dartmouth college ?
hum:ind well-known tv talk host lay preacher time seventeen ?
hum:ind backstreet boys single ?
num:count people randy craft convicted murdering ?
loc:river flows vienna , budapest belgrade ?
hum:ind civil war general wreaked havoc south marching georgia way sea ?
hum:ind conservationist served spokesperson post grape nuts ?
loc:area produces acidic coffee ?
hum:ind suburban housewife mother wrote feminine mystique ?
num:date date ukrainians ' christmas ?
loc:city largest city world ?
num:weight average weight man ?
loc:britain 's longest rivers ?
loc:country country covers 8 , 600 , 387 square miles ?
hum:ind canine cartoon character huckleberry hound voice daws butler .
loc:state state mark twain national forests ?
loc:oldest ethnological museum world ?
loc:dinosaur remains found ?
hum:ind shoplifts ?
loc:island park called battery southern tip ?
num:money clara peller paid wendy 's say `` where 's beef '' ?
num:date date cnn 's broadcast ?
num:all-time stock high apple computer , i information ?
num:date calypso music invented ?
loc:caribbean island northeast trinidad ?
num:period old bernadette peters ?
loc:i book reviews of `` turbulent souls '' ?
num:date dick clark 's birthday ?
num:date did hitler come power germany ?
num:date did gothic architecture flourish ?
hum:ind inventors invented post-its ?
num:date day week july 13 ?
hum:ind image alleged shroud turin ?
hum:ind u.s. general court-martialled criticizing american air power ?
hum:ind said : `` victor asked told truth '' ?
num:count approximately students enrolled university massachusetts ?
loc:state fastest growing state u.s.a. 1998 ?
num:count american soldiers died country date ?
loc:does opera singer ileana cotrubas come from ?
hum:ind saddam hussein compared president bush ?
num:date year naacp founded ?
num:date year did thatcher gain power ?
hum:ind wrote book , `` grinch stole christmas '' ?
loc:i learn samuel gompers ?
hum:ind jockey won 17 triple crown races ?
loc:state u.s. state 's biggest lake lake sam rayburn ?
hum:ind seized power milton obote 1971 ?
loc:state state niagara falls located in ?
num:temp hot does inside active volcano get ?
loc:orange bowl ?
loc:city scandinavian capital built bridge-connected islands ?
hum:ind well-known actor father star alan alda ?
loc:smithsonian institute located ?
num:volsize size argentina ?
num:date date richard nixon 's birthday ?
hum:ind little boy dog live shoe ?
num:perc percent world 's fresh water canada ?
num:date cnn 's broadcast occurred date ?
num:count grooves dime ?
hum:ind marilyn monroe 's real name ?
num:number american soldiers remain unaccounted vietnam war ?
hum:ind father son won medal honor ?
num:count consecutive baseball games did lou gehrig play ?
num:count different types skunks there ?
hum:ind prophet medina ?
num:date year did spielberg make `` jaws '' ?
hum:ind woman john belushi died ?
loc:tourists visit reims ?
loc:city united states city produces oil ?
num:perc what 's percentage children aged watch ` 'simpsons ' ?
loc:country country western hemisphere join russian-led boycott 1984 summer olympics ?
loc:part africa mozambique located ?
hum:ind funeral train traveled washington d.c. springfield , illinois ?
hum:ind what 's better-known identity john merrick , noble ogre victorian england ?
hum:ind husband 's name ?
hum:ind following did receive 1983 `` outstanding mother award '' national mother 's day committee ?
hum:ind dynasty star 2th century-fox debut virgin queen ?
loc:poe 's birthplace ?
hum:ind actress holds record appearances cover life ?
hum:ind u.s. president brothers-in-law confederate army ?
hum:ind queen holland ?
loc:i detailed information manchukuo ?
hum:ind actor learned play saxophone speak russian role movie ?
hum:ind says , `` don 't look good , don 't look good '' ?
hum:ind secretary state nixon administration ?
num:money money does player beginning game monopoly ?
loc:where 's gum department store ?
loc:state state named green mountain state ?
num:date year atm introduced ?
loc:state southern states united states ?
num:does 7847+5943 equal ?
hum:ind attorneys work center defense free enterprise ?
num:date dick clark 's date birth ?
num:count equal sides scalene triangle ?
loc:did gates college ?
loc:constellation known water bearer ?
num:date year cartoon character chilly willy created ?
loc:i history taiwanese language ?
loc:state state mount mckinley in ?
hum:ind classical spanish writer said `` glitters gold '' ?
num:large missouri 's population ?
num:date internal combustion engine developed ?
hum:ind painted `` soft self-portrait grilled bacon '' ?
hum:ind killed caesar ?
loc:kings canyon ?
num:date time does wee willie winkie run town ?
num:ord chapter gone wind rhett butler leaving scarlett o 'hara ?
num:money money did philippine ex-dictator marcos steal treasury ?
loc:country asian country thrilled sport cricket fighting ?
num:count varieties apple there ?
hum:ind who 's won oscars costume design ?
num:period average life expectancy male ireland 1996 ?
loc:city city near mouth amazon ?
hum:ind u.s. vice-president declared : `` you 've seen slum , you 've seen all '' ?
hum:ind wrote red badge courage ?
loc:did inuits live ?
hum:ind british monarch 's lap did p.t. barnum 's tom thumb sit in ?
hum:ind invented road traffic cone ?
hum:ind following people associated andy warhol ?
loc:royal palace served granary , prison , arsenal , leper colony , mint , telegraph station whorehouse museum ?
loc:was `` i fallen , i can 't up '' said first ?
hum:ind president 's ghost said haunt white house ?
hum:ind names jack 's original roommates three 's company ?
num:count url extensions there ? they ?
loc:did wright brothers make flight ?
hum:ind won battle gettysburg ?
hum:ind youngsters saved animated moby dick .
hum:ind captain tanker , exxon valdez , involved oil spill prince william sound , alaska , 1989 ?
loc:city snowiest city u.s. ?
num:chemical reactivity helium ?
hum:ind actor played detective film kindergarden cop what ?
hum:ind actor came dinner guess who 's coming dinner ?
hum:ind engineer invented pull-tab can ?
loc:city south american capital world 's highest ?
loc:civil war battlefield .
num:date plant winter wheat ?
num:count counties indiana ?
hum:ind actress appear postage stamp ?
hum:ind black woman star folies bergeres ?
loc:famed strip land 15-minute boat trip venetian lagoon venice ?
num:money exchange rate england u.s. ?
num:protection rate using condoms ?
loc:continent roses ?
num:count corners does spritsail have ?
hum:ind bottled-tv character born baghdad ?
loc:mount largest mountain ranges asian continent ?
num:dist far see ?
loc:bible does tell jesus christ 's brothers sisters ?
loc:country country boasts southernmost point continental europe ?
num:date did nostradamus believe world war iii begin ?
loc:country country brian boru 11th-century king of ?
hum:ind asked musical question : `` electric lady land ? ''
hum:ind wrote : `` poems fools like god make tree '' ?
loc:did 6th annual meeting indonesia-malaysia forest experts place ?
hum:ind played part godfather movie , ` godfather ' ?
num:date london 's docklands light railway constructed ?
hum:ind invented wonderbra ?
loc:city state capital comes alphabetically ?
num:period long did charles manson murder trial last ?
num:period long does blood make complete trip body ?
hum:ind owns st. louis rams ?
loc:pro wrestler johnny `` rubber man '' walker ?
loc:geographical center including alaska hawaii ?
num:date mormons believe christ born ?
num:date year actress joan collins born ?
num:money average salary restaurant manager united states ?
num:period average , long time does type screenplay ?
num:period long cardinal eggs incubate ?
hum:ind texas surgeon performed artificial heart transplant ?
loc:country country port haifa ?
loc:address main government office rome , italy ?
hum:ind appearances center square hollywood squares ?
num:count 10 members rodeo cowboys association worked ranch ?
hum:ind what `` marvelous '' major-league baseball player spokesman beer company ?
hum:ind said `` thing fear fear itself '' ?
loc:romania located ?
num:count films major studios year ?
num:count small businesses u.s .
num:period age benny carter ?
loc:city city did mormons establish headquarters 1847 ?
loc:country countries linked brenner pass ?
loc:state mississippi state nickname ?
loc:city u.s. city named st. francis assisi ?
num:count megawatts power project indonesia , built consortium headed mission energy us , produce ?
hum:ind sexiest women world ?
num:date day known the `` national day prayer '' ?
loc:i photograph professor randolph quirk ?
hum:ind supreme god germanic religion ?
hum:ind who 's played games new york yankees ?
hum:ind tv character said ; `` days , alice , pow , right kisser '' ?
hum:ind indian prime minister beating mrs. gandhi 1977 election ?
hum:ind chilean president killed 1973 coup d 'etat ?
num:einstein 's iq ?
hum:ind russian astronaut spacewalk .
hum:ind names famous husband-and-wife acting team lunt fontanne ?
num:count real fruit juices hawaiian punch ?
loc:principal river ireland ?
loc:lake source white nile ?
num:weight does poodle weigh ?
num:count points backgammon board ?
num:count frames does disk camera shoot ?
num:date did theo rousseau paint the `` forest fontaine '' ?
num:count people captain america ?
hum:ind president meant for , placed in , crypt beneath capital 's rotunda ?
loc:rivers europe ?
hum:ind won superbowl in ?
num:date year gandhi assassinated ?
num:period time takes typist type screenplay 100 pages long ?
hum:ind hungarian cardinal state prisoner refugee u.s. embassy 1956-1971 ?
num:count pairs wings does tsetse fly have ?
loc:country what 's fifth-largest country world ?
num:date film `` jaws '' year ?
hum:ind directed citizen kane ?
hum:ind nickname famous flyer mistakenly flew ireland instead los angeles ?
hum:ind special bear 's creator born january 18 , 1779 ?
loc:country country lund ?
loc:city capital seattle ?
hum:ind italian leader lifelong fear evil eye ?
loc:city city florida sea world in ?
hum:ind said : `` contemptible scoundrel stole cork lunch ? ''
hum:ind president kissed queen mother lips ?
loc:does tennis star stefan edberg come from ?
loc:continent pushes executive committee mountain range ?
hum:ind al capone 's nickname ?
hum:ind author famous fairy tale `` snow white seven dwarfs '' ?
loc:city largest city germany ?
loc:park contains firehole river fairy falls ?
loc:what 's largest island west indies ?
loc:state new england state carries telephone area code 27 ?
loc:county eckley colorado ?
num:money does cost tree planted dialing , 900 , 740-tree ?
num:period long hermit crabs live ?
loc:city city hosted winter olympics asia ?
num:date month born birthstone sardonyx ?
hum:ind harvey wallbanger drink ?
num:money money person fined having dog beach ?
loc:country desert country borders saudi arabia , iraq persian gulf ?
hum:ind american actress called a `` vamp '' ?
num:date date did man land moon ?
loc:headquarters eli lilly ?
num:count web servers there ?
num:count trees paper making year ?
loc:i info research oilseeds genetics ?
num:dist far universe ?
loc:did mayan indians live ?
loc:poe born ?
num:count warmup pitches does reliever coming baseball game ?
loc:did dylan thomas die ?
num:count fig newtons pound ?
hum:ind premier china ?
hum:ind cigar-chewing comedian observed : `` you 'old woman feel '' ?
num:count bones human hand ?
hum:ind president vichy france ?
hum:ind kidnaping termed crime century ?
loc:tallest building america 1922 ?
hum:ind buxom blonde appeared cover 5 magazines ?
num:dist far phoenix blythe ?
loc:city new hampshire hamlet rises early vote u.s. presidential elections ?
num:count people watch network television ?
hum:ind broke sound barrier ?
num:count horses polo team ?
loc:grimace mayor mccheese live ?
num:period long does hike entire appalachian trail ?
hum:ind role fruits play survival plants ?
loc:world championship sled dog race held february ?
hum:ind pulitzer prize-winning novelist ran mayor new york city ?
num:count times nickel-cadmium rechargeable battery recharged ?
num:count seats does batmobile sport ?
num:count cards dealt player gin rummy ?
num:date time year people fly ?
hum:ind scrooge 's dead partner dickens 's christmas carol ?
num:date thai new year ?
hum:ind recorded 1957 hit tammy ?
hum:ind mia farrow 's mother ?
num:dist far human eye see ?
num:date time year air travel ?
num:date g7 group nations formed ?
hum:ind baseball player walked times ?
hum:ind famous male vocalist composer opera hansel gretel ?
num:date did canonize bible ?
hum:ind president serve nonconsecutive terms ?
num:perc percentage world tornados touch us ?
hum:ind labor leader seen parking lot michigan restaurant ?
num:date did carolingian period begin ?
hum:ind reports weather the `` good morning america '' television show ?
num:count emperors roman empire ?
hum:ind of `` muppets '' creator ?
hum:ind sent brief message `` i came , i saw , i conquered '' ?
hum:ind u.s. air force general led bombing raid tokyo ?
hum:ind u.s. vice-president said : `` newspapers dispose garbage printing it '' ?
hum:ind watergate special prosecutor , later fired nixon ?
num:date day john f jackie kennedy married ?
hum:ind won pulitzer prize novel caine mutiny ?
loc:corpus callosum ?
hum:ind portrayed sherlock holmes 14 films 1939 1946 ?
loc:superman needs away all , does go ?
num:period old singer freedy johnston ?
hum:ind pop singer song theme song brand catsup ?
hum:ind claimed world 's perfectly-developed man ?
loc:i cotton textiles importer details ?
num:date did spain korea start ambassadorial relations ?
num:count grooves dime 's edge ?
loc:canal does thatcher ferry bridge span ?
hum:ind american won world grand prix driving championship 1978 ?
num:perc chances pregnacy penis does penetrate vagina ?
loc:i lesson plan teaching metric conversion american standard ?
hum:ind female figure skater .
num:period long a $ savings bond mature ?
num:money average cost years medical school ?
num:count spears kenya 's flag ?
loc:did george jungle live ?
num:what 's men 's par 455-yard golf hole ?
num:perc percentage american men alcoholic ?
num:money dialing , 900 , 740-tree tree planted cost much ?
num:count south korea , american soldiers there ?
hum:ind portrayed carl bernstein president 's men ?
num:numbers fit fermont 's theorem ?
hum:ind tiny tim 's father ?
hum:ind bonnie blue butler 's father ?
num:count americans hiv ?
loc:i information foreclosure properties internet ?
hum:ind antichrist ?
loc:country latin american country largest ?
loc:residence scottish kings edinburgh ?
num:count teats does female goat sport ?
num:dist tall kilamanjaro ?
hum:ind lawyer represented randy steven craft ?
loc:country country buys 25 percent world 's tea exports ?
loc:country country origin band creeps ?
hum:ind following celebrities born philadelphia ?
num:number american soldiers deployed south korea ?
loc:biggest bell ?
num:count estimated total u.s. whitetail deer population ?
hum:ind wrote farmer 's almanac ?
num:number 12 o 'clock dartboard ?
hum:ind cnn owned whom ?
loc:country country offered albert einstein presidency 1952 ?
hum:ind 15th century fire-and-brimstone monk gained control florence ended burnt stake ?
hum:ind french leader sold louisiana united states ?
loc:bay sparkles miami , florida ?
num:count miles veins circulatory system ?
loc:famed river flows bagdad ?
hum:ind prime minister japan ?
hum:ind player squats average 3 times baseball doubleheader ?
hum:ind what 's common nursery rhymes ?
num:count many `` no '' answers what 's line ? panel allowed ?
num:money fine having dog beach ?
hum:ind wrote book , `` song solomon '' ?
loc:information religion health , brain nutrition ?
hum:ind ranger yogi bear .
hum:ind president spanish government ?
hum:ind holds career record major league home runs ?
hum:ind following actors worked new york 's yiddish theater ?
hum:ind invented stethoscope ?
num:count star generals they ?
num:date did nixon die ?
hum:ind comedian hit tv screen 1951 nbc afternoon time ernie ?
num:count members california congressional delegation ?
loc:erupts hour yellowstone national park ?
loc:country country contains highest point south america ?
hum:ind arnold palmer 's fans called ?
hum:ind retired 755 home runs credit ?
loc:constellation represents hunter club shield ?
hum:ind developed potlatch ?
num:period long did shea gould practice law los angeles ?
num:what 's perfect score gymnastics exercise ?
num:period age did rossini stop writing opera ?
loc:city russian seaport meaning `` lord east '' ?
hum:ind actress daughters john mills .
num:period old gene siskel ?
loc:mount rocky mountain ridge separates north america 's eastward westward-flowing rivers ?
hum:ind actress bette davis said wished looked like ?
hum:ind portrayed cowardly lion wizard oz ?
loc:gate opened east west berlin ?
hum:ind king england ?
num:count calories soy sauce ?
hum:ind killed kurt cobain ?
hum:ind created monster mary shelley 's novel frankenstein ?
loc:what 's farthest planet sun ?
num:volsize big galaxy diameter ?
num:date woman fertile ?
hum:ind son 15-year-old mexican girl half-irish father world 's famous greek ?
hum:ind man return space ?
hum:ind gave abbie hoffman dose lsd ?
hum:ind 4-foot-9 actress 1984 performer win oscar playing character opposite sex ?
hum:ind shot billy kid ?
hum:ind mormon leader said 27 wives ?
loc:what 's hotel indianapolis ?
num:count people tucson ?
loc:melbourne ?
hum:ind did bush compare saddam hussein ?
loc:country country mikhail gorbachev leader of ?
num:weight recommended weight 15 year-old male 5 , 6 ?
hum:ind pillar dutch renaissance painted aristotle contemplating bust homer ?
loc:largest county size massachusetts ?
hum:ind brilliant british economist creation ?
hum:ind played sally rogers dick van dyke show ?
hum:ind mythical figure carries hourglass scythe ?
num:money canadian 1967 dollar gold coin worth ?
loc:natural attractions draw visitors united states ?
num:count years did sleeping beauty sleep ?
num:period long does body restore blood donate blood ?
loc:river runs liverpool ?
hum:ind famous british actor lost voice operation 1966 ?
loc:country country kim philby really working for ?
loc:country country hitler chancellor of ?
hum:ind rona barrett 's married name ?
num:count years make lustrum ?
hum:ind mathematician won noble prize literature 1950 ?
hum:ind glamorous actress close friend dick tracy ?
num:period old italian artist maurizio pellegrin ?
hum:ind president hit jogging paths enhance athletic image and , sporting no. 39 , collapsed road race ?
loc:city north american city visit cleopatra 's needle ?
num:date nfl established ?
loc:i ask expert site ?
hum:ind writer-journalist mark describing colorful broadway underworld characters ?
loc:state u.s. state lowest highest elevation 6 feet ?
hum:ind baseball great plugged mr. coffee ?
hum:ind who 's baby sweet pea popeye cartoon ?
loc:mile high stadium ?
loc:city city contains district hell 's kitchen ?
hum:ind english physician born january 18 , 1779 went create important inventions ?
hum:ind did arthur h. bremer try assassinate 15 , 1972 ?
num:speed fast spacecraft travel escape earth 's gravity ?
hum:ind apostle taylor caldwell 's great lion god ?
num:count rings five-zone archery target ?
loc:great lakes entirely u.s. territory ?
loc:state u.s. state sagebrush state flower ?
hum:ind what 's comic strip photographer peter parker 's secret identity ?
loc:country nationality pope john paul ii ?
loc:great educational resources parents teachers ?
num:count israeli athletes killed munich olympics ?
num:date richard nixon born ?
loc:new york city landmark 168 steps crown ?
loc:bulls basketball team based ?
num:period recomended age switch child crib bed ?
hum:ind rockefeller called `` jdr3 '' ?
num:date sun closest earth ?
num:count average hours per months spent online aol users ?
hum:ind did friz freleng add warner bros. cartoon ranks ?
hum:ind shakespeare 's moorish general ?
loc:mount what 's second-highest mountain world ?
loc:country country erich honecker leader of ?
loc:city japanese cities spelled letters k , o , o , t y ?
hum:ind taught matt murdock use extraordinary abilities marvel comics ?
loc:did wile e. coyote devices ?
num:dist far away moon ?
hum:ind famous film tv cowboy lent fast food chain ?
hum:ind famously rode warn people massachusetts british coming ?
hum:ind commanded french forces battle orleans ?
loc:individual contact lens tested burned entire surface eye new ?
loc:country countries does mont blanc tunnel join ?
num:date did amtrak begin operations ?
num:count bones human hand ?
num:count chemical elements there ?
loc:state eastern state sprouted commercial nuclear power plant u.s. ?
loc:country populated countries world ?
hum:ind led opposition konrad adenauer chancellor germany ?
num:count current population countries : france , spain , italy , greece , austria , germany , switzerland , netherlands ?
num:period youngest age boy girl orgasm ?
loc:largest office block world ?
hum:ind turned touched gold ?
hum:ind plays shortstop charlie brown 's baseball team ?
loc:country country did romans hibernia ?
hum:ind famous food editor new york times ?
num:count dogs pull sled iditarod ?
num:period long does cocaine stay system ?
loc:country countries fought years ' war ?
hum:ind u.s. president reinstate selective service registration ?
num:date dates does running bulls occur pamplona , spain ?
hum:ind lawyer represented randy steven craft ?
hum:ind actress 's autobiography titled shelley : known shirley ?
num:count colors 1940s collectible called donald duck rubber boat ?
hum:ind lived shores gitchee gumee river ?
loc:country country hit year 2 first ?
hum:ind section manager guidance control systems jpl ?
hum:ind goldfinger 's name ?
loc:square geographical center london ?
hum:ind following famous people does paint hobby ?
loc:city populated city world ?
num:count pitchers occupy shelf crouching woman edgar degas 's 1886 painting tub ?
num:money cost drugs used tuberculosis treatments ?
loc:did victor hugo spend exile ?
hum:ind i tour new york stock exchange ?
num:count airline schools u.s. ?
hum:ind u.s. general died december 1 , 1945 , jeep collided truck ?
num:count major nazi leaders went trial war nuremberg ?
loc:state state did helen keller home ?
hum:ind director movie `` jaws '' ?
num:date year etched gold medal excellence paris exposition depicted campbell 's tomato soup ?
loc:country country 's royal house bourbon-parma ?
hum:ind portrayed w.c. fields film w.c. fields me ?
num:money money does sultan brunei have ?
loc:country country visit ski dolomites ?
num:date month 's weekend monterey jazz festival held on ?
hum:ind built successful stern wheel steamboat ?
hum:ind hitler 's minister propaganda ?
hum:ind doctor successfully transplant liver ?
loc:city african capital named u.s. president ?
loc:mediterranean island home club med ?
loc:venus flytrap ?
num:date john d. rockefeller born ?
loc:building built 18 contains 327 miles book shelves ?
hum:ind lawyer randy steven craft ?
hum:ind reputed greatest maker violins ?
hum:ind future soviet dictator training priest got turned marxism ?
num:period long does james bond like eggs boiled ?
loc:city u.s. city 's skyline boasts gateway arch ?
loc:belize located ?
hum:ind sued dannon yougurt company using character named ron raider promotion ?
hum:ind jockey ride triple crown winners ?
hum:ind wrote brave new world ?
loc:state state does charles robb represent ?
num:count people taller 7 feet ?
hum:ind wrote unsafe speed ?
num:count islands make antigua ?
loc:state u.s. state boasts stone mountain , world 's largest mass exposed granite ?
hum:ind british commander surrendered george washington yorktown 1781 ?
hum:ind created world wide web , www ?
hum:ind president garmat u.s.a ?
hum:ind leaders byzantine empire ?
hum:ind president appoint woman head cabinet ?
loc:country southeast asian country wang river joining ping river tak ?
loc:city italian city 155 leonardo da vinci , michaelangelo , machiavelli working in ?
num:count states lottery ?
loc:city largest city chile , south america ?
num:perc ratio children ages watch ` simpsons ' ?
num:count cities utah ?
num:count visitors vatican year ?
num:population mexico ?
loc:best online games site ?
num:date century did art 's romantic period begin in ?
num:count spaces follow period end sentence ?
num:date year berlin wall erected ?
num:weight weight teaspoon matter black hole ?
num:weight approximate weight teaspoon matter black hole ?
loc:avenue original saks department store located ?
loc:does song goes place ?
loc:zoo u.s. ?
num:dist far yaroslavl moscow ?
hum:ind present pope named ?
hum:ind nebbish marvel 's official mascot ?
num:count bytes terabyte ?
hum:ind sang song `` hooked feeling '' dancing baby episode of `` ally mcbeal '' ?
num:weight approximately does teaspoon matter weigh black hole ?
loc:country country 's flag field green ?
hum:ind columbia pictures head forged actor cliff robertson 's a $1 , 000 check ?
hum:ind dondi 's adoptive grandfather .
num:date congress vienna ?
num:count folic acid pregnant woman day ?
num:date year automobile manufactured ?
num:count colonies did germany world war i ?
num:count states a `` lemon law '' new automobiles ?
hum:ind biography maurice zolotow titled shooting star ?
hum:ind movie groundshog day character played andie macdowell ?
num:period old benny carter ?
loc:i read chiang kai-shek ?
loc:country country borders others ?
loc:river runs colorado , kansas , oklahoma ?
hum:ind american citizen awarded albert medal society arts ?
hum:ind doctor synonymous footwear foot care ?
num:shoe sizes o 'neal , jordan , mutombo , nba players ?
hum:ind founded unification church ?
num:count zeros trillion ?
num:statistics drunken drivers maryland ?
hum:ind ill-fated american general dragged bull terrier named willie world war ii ?
num:what 's score forfeited baseball game ?
loc:does tuberculosis come from ?
hum:ind invented lawnmower ?
loc:i lyrics r&b ?
hum:ind u.s. senator played basketball new york knicks ?
hum:ind li 'l abner 's name ?
num:count liberty bells been ?
loc:country countries separated bering strait ?
loc:country jackson pollock nationality ?
hum:ind architect originated glass house designed chicago federal center philosophy of `` more , '' produced plans forerunner california ranch house ?
num:count russians landed moon ?
num:date franklin d. roosevelt stricken polio ?
loc:internet i chemicals importers ?
loc:country country put second woman space ?
hum:ind shared new york city apartment roger maris year hit 61 home runs ?
loc:prison ossining , new york ?
loc:country country declared one-fifth territory off-limits russians ?
hum:ind director intergovernmental affairs san diego county ?
hum:ind hall fame pitcher started world series games new york yankees 1962 ?
loc:longest river united states ?
loc:river windsor castle on ?
loc:natchitoches , louisiana ?
hum:ind greek god ?
loc:city what 's capital taiwan ?
num:money starting salary beginning lawyers ?
hum:ind man 's killed duel aaron burr ?
num:money california gas tax year 2000 ?
loc:city city served tempelhol airport ?
hum:ind directed woody woodpecker cartoon ?
hum:ind historical figures , fought famous battle , food named them ?
loc:united states people live longest ?
loc:country country 1998 suicides regardless population size ?
num:money price tuberculosis drugs ?
num:money minimum wage ?
num:count people lived nebraska mid 1900s ?
num:date year janet jackson 's album released ?
hum:ind heroine in `` scruples '' ?
num:count movies drew barrymore in ?
hum:ind tv character sired horse named thunder ?
loc:planet ewoks live on ?
hum:ind baseball player known charley hustle ?
hum:ind killed lee harvey oswald ?
hum:ind invented fax machine ?
num:dist wide atlantic ocean ?
hum:ind wrote poem starts `` i love lips they 'wet wine red warm desire '' ?
hum:ind singer 's theme song moon comes mountain ?
num:count meters mile ?
num:count soldiers died world war ii ?
hum:ind rocky 's bullwinkle 's ever-lost friend ?
hum:ind thought he 'd poem lovely tree ?
hum:ind created `` muppets '' ?
loc:celestial body diameter 864 , 000 miles ?
hum:ind major gods hinduism .
loc:country country borders denmark south ?
hum:ind biochemists won nobel prize medicine 1992 ?
loc:answers questions ?
num:count neurons human brain ?
loc:city city is . kdge radio located in ?
loc:city city bobby kennedy assassinated in ?
loc:london museum features chamber horrors ?
loc:city city served mccarren airport ?
num:count lakes earth ?
hum:ind considered role luke skywalker george lucas casting star wars ?
num:period long does fly live ?
num:weight pounds stone ?
num:folic acid expectant mother daily ?
hum:ind king signed magna carta ?
num:count miles frankfurt , germany salzburg , austria ?
num:count chairs shown vincent van gogh 's 188 work artist 's room arles ?
loc:state state gulf mexico lowest point feet sea level ?
loc:i case americans disabilities act 199 ?
hum:ind leader india ?
hum:ind prophet connected dead sea ?
num:perc chances pregnacy penis does penetrate vagina ?
loc:keck telescope ?
loc:apartments saint john , new brunswick ?
hum:ind wrote `` pit pendulum '' ?
loc:country country did mau mau uprising place in ?
loc:good medical sites information ?
hum:ind incredible hulk reality ?
num:date month did edmund fitzgerald sink ?
hum:ind presidents mexico indonesia ?
hum:ind played al jolson jolson story ?
loc:196 summer olympics held ?
loc:los vegas ?
loc:country country honecker lived in .
loc:state u.s. state finger lakes in ?
loc:city safest american cities pedestrians ?
hum:ind tv detective did craig stevens play ?
loc:i picture blue meanie ?
loc:state u.s. state does continental divide leave enter canada ?
hum:ind past 8 years mvp players nhl been ?
hum:ind played emperor palpatine star wars ?
loc:what 's wilkes plantation gone wind ?
loc:statistical abstract united states online ?
num:date brandenburg gate berlin built ?
hum:ind husbands included conrad hilton jr. , michael wilding ?
hum:ind king alley oop 's home moo ?
num:count silver production manufactured independent silversmiths ?
num:perc percentage silver production independent silversmiths ?
num:date date boxing day ?
num:count inches tall stuart little birth ?
num:count stradivarius violins made ?
hum:ind invented stock ticker 1870 ?
loc:einstein 's birthplace ?
num:date century 's setting tv 's adventures robin hood ?
hum:ind wrote bible ?
num:money debts did qintex group leave ?
hum:ind u.s. president buried washington , d.c. ?
loc:austerlitz victor hugo subway stops ?
loc:did ty cobb grow up ?
num:money per-capita income colombia , south america ?
num:count types cheese france ?
num:count many `` eyes '' does coconut have ?
num:count websites world ?
num:count points disk center hole worth crokinole ?
loc:general direction does journey world 80 days proceed in ?
hum:ind lawyer represented randy craft , name ?
loc:mount new england 's highest mountain ?
hum:ind black head coach major league pro sports team ?
num:date year did war 1812 begin ?
num:count verses bible ?
hum:ind robust u.s. president imported instructor seeing judo match ?
loc:country nation edessa located nowadays ?
loc:country country developing magnetic levitation railway system ?
num:code seven digits follow area code number long distance information ?
hum:ind player 's played nose tackle eagles super bowl xv ?
loc:largest dam world ?
hum:ind held endurance record women pilots 1929 ?
num:perc independent silversmith 's account percentage silver production ?
loc:part world mozambique ?
hum:ind woody woodpecker 's niece nephew ?
hum:ind created maudie frickett ?
hum:ind english circumnavigator globe ?
num:money salary u.s. representative ?
loc:man-waterways 1.76 miles long ?
hum:ind liberated 19th century sicily naples ?
loc:river strasbourg built ?
num:count what 's maximum length , inches , baseman 's glove ?
loc:country country located 13 degrees north latitude 10 degrees east longitude ?
loc:busiest ports world ?
num:count pig population world ?
loc:city city does mccarren airport serve ?
num:count number goals scored single team nhl hockey game ?
hum:ind actor tattoo right wrist reading scotland forever ?
num:count dollars day did arthur frommer say europe 1968 ?
hum:ind appointed chair federal reserve ?
loc:i up-to-date coastal ocean surface temperature information , preferably north america caribbean ?
loc:city cities dicken 's `` tale cities '' ?
hum:ind english queen fingers hand ?
loc:river runs liverpool ?
num:date did mount st. helens erupt ?
num:date child labor abolished ?
num:count three-letter permutations letters : c ?
num:date time year air travel heaviest ?
loc:what 's longest river canada ?
hum:ind tennis player nickname `` nasty '' ?
hum:ind non-conformist abstract painter dubbed jack dripper time ?
num:count furlongs mile-and-a-quarter recetrack ?
num:count millimeters mile ?
num:volsize big baby bald eagle ?
num:count great britain population 1699-172 ?
loc:mount mountain range marks border france spain ?
hum:ind founded modern theory probability ?
num:count people did randy craft murder ?
hum:ind who 's king swing ?
hum:ind bestselling modern poet co-founder famous city lights bookshop san francisco ?
hum:ind south vietnamese president assassinated generals 1963 ?
num:period old old child talking ?
num:date hoover dam constructed ?
num:count tenths earth 's surface lie water ?
num:perc pennsylvania state income tax rate ?
hum:ind won 1968 california democratic primary ?
hum:ind spoke word mel brooks 's silent movie ?
hum:ind thatcher 's name ?
hum:ind russian astronaut walk space ?
hum:ind wrote ` dubliners ' ?
num:period life expectancy elephant ?
hum:ind malaysia 's 43rd prime minister ?
hum:ind founded aerodynamics laboratory 1912 ?
num:money fare cost round trip new york london concorde ?
hum:ind said `` liberty death '' ?
loc:location mccarren airport ?
num:money california state gas tax rise year 2000 ?
hum:ind powerful white trader conrad 's `` heart darkness '' ?
num:dist long border canada 48 conterminous states ?
loc:largest island mediterranean sea ?
num:money joe namath 's contract worth ?
loc:rider college ?
loc:chop suey invented ?
loc:does dew come from ?
num:period old lucille ball show `` i love lucy '' premiered ?
loc:landmark italian restaurant 239 west 48th street , new york city ?
num:count points bullseye worth darts ?
loc:mythology websites ?
loc:country nationality ileana cotrubas ?
num:population kansas ?
hum:ind invented pull-tab opener cans ?
hum:ind deranged super-criminal otto octavius uses ?
hum:ind acceptance speech 3 minutes prompted time limit academy award thank-yous ?
num:count coca cola drunk day world ?
loc:did world come from ?
loc:island group guadalcanal part of ?
hum:ind declared : `` i think i 'll milk elk '' ?
num:count e-commerce companies started day ?
loc:country what 's east european country tied ruble ?
num:date judy garland 's date birth ?
hum:ind ku klux klan member won elected office u.s. ?
num:dist length border ukraine russia ?
loc:country country highest arson rate ?
hum:ind actor played sam movie casablanca ?
loc:city city does orly airport serve ?
loc:did woodstock place ?
num:period average time kiss somene ?
loc:country oil-producing countries world ?
hum:ind new orleans d.a. claimed : `` staff i solved assassination weeks ago '' ?
loc:rider college ?
num:count caffeine 16 oz cup coffee ?
hum:ind real writer ross macdonald , creator hero lew archer ?
num:volsize big australia ?
loc:country countries auto thefts ?
hum:ind makes chicken `` finger lickin '' good ?
hum:ind director portrayed commandant pow camp 1953 's stalag 17 ?
hum:ind names jacques cousteau 's sons ?
hum:ind accompanied space ghost missions ?
hum:ind world war ii leader declared : `` blow struck '' ?
hum:ind israel 's prime minister ?
loc:country country boasts ismail 's palace palace king farouk ?
loc:i ride steam locomotive ?
loc:virtual desk reference ?
num:loud thunder ?
hum:ind california governor said : `` inaction highest form action '' ?
hum:ind person study stars ?
hum:ind author book , `` iron lady : biography margaret thatcher '' ?
num:money black-and-white 1-cent stamp worth , thomas jefferson it ?
num:perc probability 2 25 people birthday ?
loc:bridge river kwai ?
num:count people did united nations commit help restore order distribute humanitarian relief somalia september 1992 ?
num:count elephants left earth ?
hum:ind did doris day mean said : `` i ernie he 's certainly rock '' ?
num:date practical commercial typewriter marketed ?
loc:country scandinavian country covers 173 , 732 square miles ?
num:period long earth mars ?
loc:i mailing lists ?
loc:city city boasts billingsgate fishmarket ?
hum:ind owner cnn ?
num:period long oj simpson trial ?
loc:country country lies directly south detroit ?
loc:did surfing originate ?
loc:mount tallest mountain ?
num:count what 's maximum number clubs golfer use round ?
num:count different countries export coffee ?
num:count continents there ?
hum:ind knighted actor narrates tv 's world war ?
hum:ind football coach 's story told movie run daylight ?
num:date did chernobyl nuclear accident occur ?
loc:did maya people live ?
hum:ind randy craft 's lawyer ?
loc:state kosovo province country ?
loc:state new england state covers 5.9 square miles ?
num:date hitler came power germany year ?
hum:ind markets spaghetti-o 's ?
loc:haversian canals ?
num:count people die tuberculosis year ?
hum:ind co-starred julie andrews mary poppins ?
loc:i status tax return ?
num:horsepower shuttle boosters ?
num:date general manuel noriega ousted leader panama turned u.s. authorities ?
num:count years bad luck follow breaking mirror ?
loc:kentucky horse park ?
hum:ind argentine boxer shot dead outside nevada brothel may ?
loc:country country boasts cars per mile road ?
hum:ind jimmy olsen 's name ?
num:count people died tuberculosis ?
num:count days does typical mayfly live ?
hum:ind famous new york city mayor wrote hit song , `` love december may ? ''
loc:city russian city used called st. petersburg petrograd ?
num:count votes congress dissented 1941 declaration war japan ?
hum:ind pia zadora 's millionaire husband mentor ?
hum:ind u.s. president breed mules ?
hum:ind astronomer-architect designed present st. paul 's cathedral london ?
hum:ind feminist wrote sexual politics flying ?
hum:ind american world chess champion ?
hum:ind woman executed england ?
num:count school districts united states ?
num:period long did paris commune hold rest france ?
num:count iron body ?
num:date did thatcher prime minister ?
loc:good fractal web sites ?
loc:country country imposed berlin blockade 1948 ?
num:money drugs treat tuberculosis cost ?
loc:kind habitat does scorpion live in ?
num:count logarithmic scales slide rule ?
loc:webster university ?
num:temp hot oven making peachy oat muffins ?
num:period old britney spears ?
loc:i piano music jamiroquai song everyday midi ?
loc:country country 's capital formed pesth buda merged ?
loc:city town setting music man ?
loc:i scientific data , `` research papers , '' textile engineering ?
num:count people die snakebite poisoning u.s. per year ?
num:dist high city denver ?
hum:ind international olympic committee chairman 1936 summer games ?
num:date florida admitted union ?
num:count times year does american gourd society publish gourd ?
loc:i read abraham lincoln ?
num:money increase california gas tax 2000 ?
num:dist far longest hole 1 golf course did happen ?
hum:ind appointments secretary richard nixon went jail ?
hum:ind released internet worm late 1980s ?
hum:ind american captured plane went syrian-held lebanon ?
hum:ind basketball player credited 23 , 924 rebounds ?
num:volsize big normal size penis 15-year-old ?
num:count american soldiers remain unaccounted vietnam war ?
loc:i tape book help say , write understand japanese ?
num:count cables support main span golden gate bridge ?
num:money did manchester united spend players 1993 ?
loc:birthplace edgar allen poe ?
hum:ind american sergeant lost hands combat world war ii went act single movie won oscars ?
hum:ind invented fountain ?
loc:room did w.c. fields library in ?
hum:ind batman character tools batcycle ?
loc:i schematics windshield wiper mechanism ?
hum:ind sherlock holmes 's archenemy ?
loc:is `` global schoolhouse '' ?
num:count years schooling highschool does neurosurgeon ?
loc:volcano showers ash sicily ?
loc:u.s. headquarters procter & gamble ?
num:date did mount st. helen major eruption ?
hum:ind what 's tom sawyer 's aunt lives ?
hum:ind member micronauts spent 1 years traveling microverse marvel comics ?
hum:ind doctor claimed 1946 book : `` thing bad boy '' ?
num:period long l.l. cool j. married ?
num:weight did knight 's armor weigh ?
hum:ind comedian created punch-drunk pugilist named cauliflower mcpugg ?
num:dist tall prince charles ?
num:weight weight air ?
loc:city capital uruguay ?
num:dist long world 's largest ship , meters ?
num:dist tall replica matterhorn disneyland ?
loc:largest deserts world ?
loc:qatar ?
loc:state richest state u.s. ?
hum:ind prime minister norway ?
hum:ind actress starred in `` lion winter '' ?
hum:ind won rugby world cup in ?
num:count times pitcher , warren spahn , 20-game winner 21 major league seasons ?
num:count pins used skittles ?
loc:california bridge don brown cross , 27 , 1937 ?
hum:ind famous sister actress olivia havilland ?
hum:ind german president pressured appointing hitler chancellor 1933 ?
num:count people killed wars , armed conflicts ?
loc:city largest city world declare martial law 1989 ?
loc:thomas edison museum ?
num:money minimum wage ?
loc:mount highest mountain africa ?
loc:mount mountain range extends gulf st. lawrence alabama ?
num:count types lemurs there ?
hum:ind famous coach said `` can 't beat 'em alley , can 't beat 'em ice '' ?
hum:ind onetime member ronald reagan 's cabinet called federal policy indians `` example failure socialism '' ?
num:count claws lobster called pistol lost ?
hum:ind darth vader 's son ?
hum:ind invented process make condensed milk ?
loc:city largest city connecticut ?
num:population united states ?
hum:ind actor actress movies ?
hum:ind hawaii ?
loc:i free piano scores popular music ?
num:date did american civil war end ?
loc:country country largest diamond producer ?
num:period long does moon revolve earth ?
hum:ind protects dc comics ' realm dreams ?
num:date did vesuvius erupt ?
num:date did supercontinent pangaea break up ?
hum:ind created harry lime ?
hum:ind president cleveland 's wife ?
loc:city what 's capital monaco ?
num:weight englishmen weigh in ?
num:volsize big electoral college ?
hum:ind invented moog synthesizer ?
hum:ind makes the `` die hard '' car battery ?
num:period long does travel tokyo niigata ?
loc:state state filenes store located in ?
num:money starting salary radiographer ?
hum:ind dolly parton 's rarely seen husband ?
loc:official `` zero '' sea level ?
hum:ind old london come-was : `` buy sweet lavender '' ?
hum:ind wrote lyrics porgy bess ?
num:ord chapter gone wind rhett butler leaving scarlett o 'hara ?
num:count american actors nominated best actor oscar 1983 ?
num:date did lucelly garcia , ambassador columbia honduras , die ?
num:period long longest sneezing attack ?
loc:seafaring southern tip south america ?
hum:ind new york yankee pitchers swapped wives families ?
num:date did nixon visit china ?
num:date what 's month gregorian calendar ?
loc:country country owns corsica ?
num:count queen bees reign hive ?
loc:i world atlas map online charge ?
num:ord chapter bible verses ?
loc:ocean did titanic sink in ?
num:date year wall built ?
hum:ind king henry viii 's wives .
loc:state southwestern state dubbed silver state ?
loc:country country did allies invade world war ii 's operation avalanche ?
loc:famed river hernando soto european see ?
num:date christ born ?
loc:quality drinks begin ?
hum:ind french literary charcter chiefly famous enormous nose ?
loc:country country surrounds san marino , world 's smallest republic ?
hum:ind killed martin luther king ?
hum:ind owns rights tv program ?
hum:ind invented astroturf ?
num:date season does hiemal activity normally place in ?
loc:direction best surfing beaches face ?
num:dist world record longest hair ?
hum:ind democratic prankster waved train station richard nixon spoke caboose ?
loc:california bay 's largest island angel island ?
hum:ind african leader held country 's boxing title years ?
loc:california bridge don brown cross , 27 , 1937 ?
num:money does ton cement cost ?
hum:ind 2th-century american poet wrote four-volume biography abraham lincoln ?
loc:oldest living thing earth ?
hum:ind stopped making diary entries 31 , 1669 , thought going blind ?
hum:ind journalist walden puddle ?
num:count sides does obelisk have ?
hum:ind woman pitcher struck ted williams hank aaron ?
num:date year cannon invented ?
num:count languages does pope speak ?
loc:bay divides maryland 's eastern western shores ?
hum:ind real singer , madonna ?
hum:ind frenchman claimed following ? god did exist , necessary invent him . ''
hum:ind woman space ?
hum:ind discovered imaginary numbers ?
hum:ind does voices simpsons ?
num:count feet high hurdle runner 's steeplechase water jump ?
num:count calories glass water ?
hum:ind richest person world , owning business ?
num:chemical reactivity neon ?
loc:i info alexander mackenzie ?
loc:city georgia town did scarlett o 'hara condemn pushy people ?
num:count countries watch mtv europe ?
num:code airport code los angeles international ?
loc:did real st. nicholas live ?
num:count eyes does bat have ?
hum:ind second man walk moon ?
loc:did dikembe mutombo college ?
hum:ind author appointed u.s. ambassador spain 1842 ?
loc:body water does yukon river into ?
hum:ind westview high 's band director funky winkerbean ?
loc:mark mcgwire 's e-mail address ?
num:count maids milking ?
loc:city kentucky horse park located near city ?
num:date geological time live in ?
loc:massive north korean nuclear complex located ?
loc:microsoft 's corporate headquarters located ?
num:date china 's nuclear test ?
hum:ind singer 's hit song inspired dolly parton stallone movie rhinestone ?
num:money person fined having dog beach ?
loc:asian gulf destroyers maddox c turner joy shot in ?
hum:ind mao , chinese leader 's , name ?
num:date dick clark 's birthday ?
hum:ind director international group called human genome organization , hugo , trying coordinate gene-mapping research worldwide ?
hum:ind character narrates treasure island ?
hum:ind starred charlie chaplin modern times great dictator ?
num:code seven digits follow area code number long distance information ?
hum:ind catch-22 character elected mayor half dozen italian cities ?
hum:ind does uncle duke 's girl friend , honey , room with ?
hum:ind called surrender , american general replied , `` sir , i begun fight . '' ?
num:date bar-code invented ?
hum:ind relative leo tolstoy translated war peace times ?
num:count cards player dealt contract bridge ?
hum:ind second person wear iron man 's armor ?
hum:ind director editor movie big starring tom hanks ?
loc:homelite inc. home page ?
num:period old stevie wonder signed motown records ?
hum:ind won gold medals skiing olympic games calgary ?
num:date year avery dennison company founded ?
num:ord does u.s. rank world countries area ?
loc:names seas world ocean drain into ?
loc:mount highest mountain .
loc:island home statues called mauis ?
loc:pythagoras born ?
num:money price aaa 's liability auto insurance ?
hum:ind richest people world ?
hum:ind leader brunei ?
loc:city capital italy ?
loc:greatest hiking web site ?
num:count population arcadia , florida ?
hum:ind head writers smothers brothers comedy hour ?
hum:ind portrayed prewett eternity ?
num:count people live cities ?
num:dist high mountain called mountain ?
hum:ind scottish poet penned mouse louse ?
hum:ind inventor silly putty ?
loc:ocean surrounds madeira islands ?
hum:ind famous communist leader died mexico city ?
loc:city capital cities large countries occupy iberian peninsula europe ?
num:count mines falklands war ended ?
num:count gallons water niagra falls second ?
hum:ind woman run mile 4 36893 minutes ?
num:count copies album sold gold album ?
hum:ind awarded flying fickle finger fate ?
loc:city sinclair lewis ' `` main street , '' typical american town ?
loc:city largest city texas ?
hum:ind future deer hunter portrayed annie hall 's neurotic brother , duane ?
loc:i map prussia internet ?
loc:country richest countries world ?
loc:mccarren airport ?
hum:ind boy names u.s. ?
num:count tiles did space shuttle columbia lose second flight ?
num:count teaspoons make tablespoon ?
hum:ind lyricist composer gilbert sullivan ?
hum:ind lawyer randy craft ?
hum:ind 3rd president united states ?
hum:ind dick tracy 's children .
num:perc fraction beaver 's life spent swimming ?
num:money gas taxed california year 2000 ?
hum:ind gave king arthur round table ?
loc:state state united states covers largest area ?
hum:ind president u.s. 1789 ?
hum:ind wrote `` scarlet letter '' ?
hum:ind did sara jane moore try assassinate ?
num:count dots make symbol for `` because '' ?
hum:ind king signed magna carta ?
hum:ind child left doorstep beginning gasoline alley .
num:count zip codes u.s. ?
num:period long does milky way galaxy make revolution ?
num:count people pets ?
loc:web sites linked report genesis eldercare ?
num:period long does different materials decompose ?
num:count colors rainbow ?
hum:ind darth vader 's son named ?
hum:ind british female pop singing star 1960s early 1970s child actress 1940s and '50s ?
loc:mccarren airport located ?
loc:part britain comprises highlands , central lowlands , southern uplands ?
num:count marx brothers there ?
num:dist tall matterhorn ?
loc:country country proud claim volcano national park ?
num:date babe ruth born ?
hum:ind portrayed field marshal erwin rommel desert fox ?
loc:direction baseball pitchers pitch toward ?
num:count beanie baby sites there ?
loc:diamonds mined ?
num:money money did marcos steal country ?
hum:ind makes the `` cross-your-heart bra '' ?
hum:ind archie bunker 's son-in-law ?
hum:ind president chief justice presidency ?
num:count innings constitute official baseball game ?
loc:city city newspaper called plain dealer ?
loc:state u.s. state boasts leif ericson park ?
num:count flavors does baskin & robbins offer ?
hum:ind chief engineer starship enterprise ?
hum:ind mayor tv appearances asked join aftra 1984 ?
num:count miles k run ?
num:date beethoven born ?
hum:ind sexy celebrity ?
hum:ind detective lives punchbowl hill 11 children ?
loc:did ukulele originate ?
hum:ind rotary engines used whom ?
hum:ind portrayed title character film day jackal ?
loc:gulf sweden finland ?
hum:ind x-man die battle ?
hum:ind president ghana ?
loc:country countries andorra nestled between ?
num:period long ago roe vs. wade decision supreme court ?
loc:mount largest mountain ranges continental united states ?
num:size student body university massachusetts amherst ?
hum:ind starred movie war worlds ?
num:count different kinds ice cream there ?
hum:ind actor , greatest fame tv , father triplets ?
loc:homelite inc. home page ?
num:code columbia tristar 's phone number ?
loc:tesla born ?
hum:ind shot lee harvey oswald ?
num:date did jaco pastorius die ?
loc:what 's common street america ?
loc:5 tallest buildings world ?
hum:ind portrayed renaud casablanca ?
loc:country country problems hooligans ?
loc:planet did percival lovell discover ?
num:count brain cells replaced ?
num:money did mercury spend advertising 1993 ?
loc:country country contains westernmost point south america ?
num:count what 's american dollar equivalent 8 pounds u.k. ?
num:date year did charles dicken die ?
num:date did americans leave vietnam ?
hum:ind famed clown appeared early howdy doody insisted clarabell real clown ?
num:count people died estonia sank 1994 ?
loc:city southern california town named character famous edgar rice burroughs ?
num:count colors rainbow ?
loc:habitat chickadee ?
loc:city city 's kickoff point climbs mount everest ?
num:money average salary paleontologist ?
loc:largest post office building world ?
hum:ind currently popular singer world ?
num:count endangered species world ?
loc:city large u.s. city highest murder rate 1988 ?
hum:ind bandleader mentor ella fitzgerald cowrote `` a_tisket , a-tasket '' ?
hum:ind invented basketball ?
num:date major eruption mount st. helens ?
hum:ind hockey player did ronald reagan joke swap texas for ?
hum:ind president buried ancestral home overlooking hudson river hyde park , new york ?
num:money did barbie doll sell 1959 ?
loc:country country general douglas mcarthur recalled president truman ?
num:latitude longitude el paso , texas ?
num:count head injuries recreational ice skating year ?
num:count normal human pregnancy lasts months ?
hum:ind domesticated wild turkey ?
loc:country country does ileana cotrubas come from ?
loc:country european countries joined gran san bernardo pass ?
hum:ind helicopter pilot shot north korea ?
hum:ind designer shoe spawned millions plastic imitations , known as ` jellies ' .
hum:ind olive oyl 's brother ?
hum:ind king boycotted prince charles 's wedding ?
hum:ind nickname model leslie hornby ?
loc:taj mahal ?
loc:139 papal court forced rome where ?
num:date day week ?
loc:city capital built monument circle contains soldiers sailors monument ?
num:count sub-saharan africa ?
loc:famed wall supports badaling turret ?
hum:ind portrayed fatman television show , `` jake fatman '' ?
loc:good science sites internet ?
hum:ind woman time 's man year 1952 ?
hum:ind wrote ugly duckling ?
hum:ind designed london bridge ?
num:count miles tel aviv , israel memphis , tennessee ?
num:count flavors ice cream does howard johnson 's have ?
loc:busiest amtrak rail stations u.s. ?
num:count freckles does howdy doody face ?
hum:ind considered father psychology ?
num:dist tall animated king kong ?
num:population japan ?
loc:largest concentration camp world war ii ?
num:money did alaska cost bought russia ?
num:count events make decathlon ?
loc:bodies visited spacecraft ?
hum:ind succeeded nikita khrushchev secretary communist party ?
hum:ind chosen black chairman military joint chiefs staff ?
hum:ind lady great gatsby pines for ?
num:count bails cricket wicket ?
loc:city city martin luther king jr. assassinated in ?
hum:ind celebrity couple , going divorce , divided toilet paper equal piles ?
loc:where 's bernini-bristol hotel ?
hum:ind said `` contemptible scoundrel stole cork lunch ? ''
loc:city capital kosovo ?
num:count letters appear numbers 2 9 telephone dial ?
loc:city cities population million ?
num:money minimum wage 1991 ?
loc:country country biggest producer tungsten ?
num:date jimmy buffett concert coming e center camden nj ?
loc:country european country abandoned postage stamps 1923 printing cost face value ?
hum:ind 1st u.s. president ?
num:money did varian associates try sell vacuum products division boc group for ?
num:count people hike ?
hum:ind played maria film west story ?
hum:ind bestowed great power captain britain ?
loc:country nationality sicilian ?
hum:ind common boy 's girl 's name ?
hum:ind accused trial century , opened janurary 1 , 1935 ?
loc:oldest building united states ?
num:count people died south carolina highways 1998 ?
num:date president nixon 's birthdate ?
num:count people died vietnam war ?
num:date year did montana state ?
num:date ussr dissolved ?
loc:city japanese city called edo ?
hum:ind did seven mules block for ?
hum:ind what 's actress starred movie , `` silence lambs '' ?
loc:one 's corpus callosum found ?
hum:ind did napolean defeat jena auerstadt ?
hum:ind british prime minister u.s. president seventh cousins once-removed ?
num:count objects orbit earth ?
loc:city what 's oldest capital city americas ?
loc:location edinburgh , scotland ?
num:count muscles does average adult use going walk ?
num:period long live community vote ?
hum:ind titanic 's captain ?
hum:ind heroine in `` scruples '' ?
num:volsize big chappellet vineyard ?
loc:country jackson pollock native country ?
hum:ind wrote godfather ?
num:frequency vhf ?
loc:island target u.s. 's operation urgent fury ?
hum:ind following tv newsmen rhodes scholar ?
hum:ind six-foot temperance advocate wielded hatchet saloons ?
num:count islands does fiji have ?
hum:ind invented volleyball ?
loc:country what 's powerful country world ?
hum:ind led normans victory battle hastings ?
num:perc percentage world 's plant animal species amazon forests ?
hum:ind what 's star cooking show , `` galloping gourmet '' ?
hum:ind invented horoscope ?
hum:ind king forced agree magna carta ?
num:count electoral college votes does colorado have ?
hum:ind babe ruth 's christian names ?
num:count bottles wine prisoners bastille allowed per day ?
loc:lobsters like live ?
hum:ind elected mayor washington , d.c. ?
num:date big thompson flood ?
hum:ind wrote sci-fi trilogy foundation , foundation empire , second foundation ?
num:count hours work does typist complete 100-page screenplay ?
hum:ind alice cooper 's real name ?
loc:city cities usually mark extremes english channel swims ?
num:count times does tide ebb flow day ?
hum:ind invented television ?
hum:ind person burst screen lite beer commercials .
hum:ind u.s. vice-president killed alexander hamilton duel ?
num:temp what 's fahrenheit equivalent zero degrees centigrade ?
num:count muscles does oyster have ?
hum:ind wrote `` ado nothing '' ?
loc:i information concerning child custody files state utah ?
hum:ind louisiana senator won seat held father mother ?
hum:ind won oscars roles gone wind streetcar named desire ?
hum:ind writer famous physically putting center subject matter ?
hum:ind who 's lead singer led zeppelin band ?
hum:ind dana 's `` years mast , '' seafarers lived abandoned oven beach san diego ?
hum:ind plays cop movie `` kindergarten cop '' ?
num:count characters makes word typing test purposes ?
num:money 1940 annual salary boilermaker ?
hum:ind created billy pilgrim , survivor dresden firestorm ?
loc:country country saw origin asian flu ?
hum:ind richest woman world ?
loc:i test tell i i grow up ?
loc:lake scotland said hold monsters ?
hum:ind 1974 oscar winners ?
hum:ind wrote book , `` huckleberry finn '' ?
hum:ind use heimlich maneuver on ?
loc:famed library reach dialing 22-287-5 ?
loc:i complete listing showtimes area ?
loc:where 's montenegro ?
loc:glasgow ?
loc:city north american city boasts biggest polish population ?
hum:ind radio , tv movie character did jackie gleason william bendix play ?
loc:planned berth merchant ship , lane victory , merchant marine veterans converting floating museum ?
num:period maurizio pellegrin 's age ?
num:count thousands students attend university massachusetts ?
hum:ind u.s. senate majority leader speaker house .
hum:ind female suspect game clue single ?
hum:ind owns cnn ?
num:count americans unaccounted vietnam war ?
num:chemical reactivity neon ?
loc:oldest website internet ?
hum:ind member little rascals on-again , off-sweetheart darla hood ?
loc:country country visiting land president duvalier airport ?
hum:ind attorney-general ordered closing alcatraz ?
loc:city capital congo ?
loc:country country starts letter x ?
loc:country countries earn tourism ?
loc:city city china largest number foreign financial companies ?
num:date oscars academy awards 1999 ?
hum:ind prophet jewish people ?
hum:ind common name ?
hum:ind oldest u.s. president ?
num:date dubai 's concrete house built ?
hum:ind prophet religion islam ?
hum:ind portrayed maggio film eternity ?
loc:zebras likely found ?
num:perc odds giving birth twins ?
loc:best place live world , considering climate , civilization ?
hum:ind cartoon genie conjured magic ring shared nancy chuck .
num:money money owed illegally having dog beach ?
loc:web address i e-mail address member house representatives ?
num:volsize big largest diamond ?
num:date did original howdy doody air ?
num:count languages world ?
hum:ind bald u.s. presidents ?
hum:ind member charlie 's angels sang vocals josie pussycats ?
loc:river flows past temple karnak ?
hum:ind comedian perfect fool ?
loc:information queensland national competition policy
hum:ind loved flash gordon dale ?
loc:i information original 13 colonies ?
num:count inches feet tom selleck ?
hum:ind who 's president buried washington
num:money rent volkswagen bug 1966 ?
hum:ind singing voice dubbed natalie wood west story audrey hepburn fair lady ?
num:money mean income 10% , 5% , 1% ?
loc:city north american city sprouts parking meters ?
loc:largest expensive freeway construction project u.s. right now ?
loc:did gulliver race tiny people ?
num:count stronger new vitreous carbon material invented tokyo institute technology compared material cellulose ?
num:money tuberculosis combatting drugs cost ?
hum:ind president bush compared saddam hussein whom ?
hum:ind tv comedian worked white fang , black tooth pookie lion ?
hum:ind created character james bond ?
loc:did japanese imperial forces surrender end wwii ?
num:count rows whiskers does cat have ?
hum:ind british general surrendered colonial army saratoga ?
num:count world population today ?
loc:city city feeding pigeons piazza san marco ?
hum:ind artist 's studio bateau-lavoir montmartre ?
loc:planet ewoks live on ?
num:count words spanish language ?
loc:information novel `` el cid '' ?
num:count members family drafted u.s. military world war ii ?
hum:ind wrote song , `` silent night '' ?
num:date average date malls begin putting christmas holiday decorations ?
num:count characters chinese alphabet ?
loc:burma ?
hum:ind wrote collector ?
hum:ind samuel johnsons 's friend biographer ?
hum:ind kind women gave sigmund freud erotic dreams ?
num:count hummingbird eggs fit ostrich egg ?
hum:ind wrote bestselling missionary travels researches south africa , published 1857 ?
hum:ind played father on `` charles charge '' ?
num:period gestation period human pregnancies ?
loc:did daniel originate ?
num:period long does average domesticated ferret live ?
loc:state states state income tax ?
loc:city city steepest streets u.s. ?
loc:country country giants times size man in `` gulliver 's travels . ''
num:what 's men 's par 455-yard golf hole ?
num:count countries there ?
loc:does marijuana entering united states come from ?
hum:ind 10 richest people world ?
num:count yards 1 mile ?
hum:ind actor man appear cover mccall 's ?
num:date successful heart transplant human ?
loc:country country boasts cawdor castle , glamis castle , blair castle ?
loc:country country mount everest in ?
loc:country country largest country latin america ?
hum:ind horsemen apocalypse .
num:count watts make kilowatt ?
hum:ind female faith healer wrote inspirational book i believe miracles ?
loc:did king francis i hang the `` mona lisa '' owned it ?
hum:ind famous husband-and-wife team did radio ads blue nun wine ?
num:count times harold stassen announced drive white house ?
num:money bottle caps presidents ' pictures inside worth ?
loc:i history hungarian language ?
hum:ind tramped florida looking fountain youth ?
num:date 1990 , day week did christmas fall on ?
num:count american soldiers stationed south korea ?
num:count feet 2 average height great wall china ?
num:period long ago did anglican church part vatican ?
num:money did lucy van pelt originally charge psychiatric sessions ?
hum:ind followed underwater thrillers girl sea cortez ?
num:date parthenon built ?
num:period long does pig 's orgasm last ?
loc:state u.s. state comes alphabetical list ?
num:count mountains named presidents continental usa ?
num:unemployment statistics years 1965 1990 ?
hum:ind independent member congress ?
hum:ind presidents u.s. published books poetry ?
hum:ind seven dwarfs comes alphabetically ?
hum:ind professional cricketer 's son wrote war worlds 1898 ?
num:count inches apart adjacent pins tenpin bowling ?
num:count miles corridors pentagon ?
loc:state u.s. state includes san juan islands ?
hum:ind english playwright penned : `` bee sucks , shall i '' ?
num:dist deep fathom ?
hum:ind fred astaire 's dancing partner 's name ?
num:count highest number home runs record game ?
hum:ind heavyweight boxer known wild bull pampas ?
num:count quarts milk needed make pound butter ?
loc:london street claims world center men 's tailoring ?
num:period old universe ?
num:date does bible say seasons started ?
loc:country bordering country north costa rica ?
loc:country nation boarders mozambique ?
num:date olympic games year allowed nadia comaneci popular ?
hum:ind tv talk-host lends line men 's clothing ?
num:count people die tuberculosis yearly ?
hum:ind invented electric guitar ?
loc:city capital california ?
loc:country country comes alphabetical list ?
num:temp hot oven baking peachy oat muffins ?
loc:country country worlds leading supplier cannabis ?
hum:ind president pergament ?
loc:city city kentucky horse park near ?
loc:did hillary clinton graduate college ?
hum:ind american naval officer broke japan 's isolationist policy 1853 ?
hum:ind gave the `` rolling writer '' ?
hum:ind wrote secret life walter mitty ?
hum:ind head world bank ?
num:count people does honda employ u.s. ?
num:count calcium adult female daily ?
hum:ind popular name ?
hum:ind moderated kennedy-nixon tv debate ?
hum:ind portrayed george m. cohan 1942 's yankee doodle dandy ?
num:date nostradamus born ?
hum:ind who 's u.s. president won pulitzer prize ?
loc:country country origin thomas ?
num:count population largest chilean city
loc:country country highest per capita consumption cheese ?
hum:ind invented `` muppets '' ?
loc:sea bombay on ?
hum:ind fool wise lose oath win paradise ?
loc:americas 47 miles atlantic pacific ?
num:dist tall animated frankenstein
loc:city u.s. city known rubber capital world ?
loc:country countries highest ratio university students ?
num:count miles ny austria ?
num:volsize big universe actually ?
hum:ind monarch signed magna carta ?
num:count sides does heptagon have ?
loc:aborigines ?
loc:river rome built ?
loc:web adventours tours sydney , australia ?
loc:1936 summer olympics held ?
loc:cathedral thomas becket murdered in ?
loc:city kentucky horse park close american city ?
num:period old sir edmund hillary climbed mt. everest ?
loc:tree does photosynthesis occur ?
loc:strait links mediterranean sea atlantic ocean ?
loc:airport piccadilly subway line ?
num:code seven digits follow area code number long distance information ?
loc:city city 's airport named logan international ?
hum:ind pope inaugurated vatican international radio ?
num:count times 3
num:count names eskimo people ?
hum:ind king satirized line : `` king countinghouse , counting money '' ?
loc:state nickname pennsylvania ?
num:date stained glass window made ?
hum:ind pope inaugurated vatican international radio ?
hum:ind director silent sound version commandments ?
num:date did swimming commonplace ?
hum:ind presidents usa masons ?
hum:ind tallest u.s. president ?
loc:largest museum world ?
hum:ind character beverly hillbillies given names daisy moses ?
hum:ind comedienne calls sister-in-law captain bligh mother-in-law moby dick ?
num:count gallons paint does paint golden gate bridge ?
hum:ind president supreme court justice ?
num:date does menstruation begin ?
loc:did makeup originate ?
num:dist deep fathom ?
loc:state u.s. state mammoth cave national park in ?
hum:ind actress june havoc 's legendary sister ?
num:chromosome number elephant ?
hum:ind killed jfk ?
hum:ind star witness senate watergate hearings ?
loc:country country stuck-tongue friendly greeting ?
hum:ind son-in-law sen. everett dirkson senator the '70 's ?
loc:erykah badu originally from ?
loc:i buy pony big island daughter ?
num:period old george washington died ?
num:count blacks served vietnam war
hum:ind names gangsters bonnie clyde ?
loc:address famous mexican star `` thalia '' ?
hum:ind invented panties ?
hum:ind president held elected office elected white house ?
hum:ind richest person world ?
num:count time does blinking eye take ?
num:dist deep fathom ?
num:date did use of `` syringe '' appear medicinal history ?
num:count people visit pope month ?
loc:planet gave bith superman ?
num:date month year television iceland ?
hum:ind buried great pyramid giza ?
loc:country important nation world , historically ?
num:perc current unemployment rate u.s. ?
num:date railroad east coast west coast completed ?
num:speed fast corvette go ?
hum:ind famous actress appearance stage age year 191 as `` baby '' ?
num:money did mcdonald 's hamburger cost 1963 ?
loc:group m people from ?
loc:country country famous persian rugs ?
num:count attendance supper ?
num:period long feed puppy purina puppy chow ?
loc:city city graced arch titus ?
hum:ind michael jackson 's father 's name ?
hum:ind girl peter sellers 's soup ?
hum:ind creative genius said : `` comes hustles waits '' ?
loc:world 's active volcano located ?
loc:country country bounded part indian ocean coral tasman seas ?
num:count people did randy steven craft murder ?
num:count small businesses united states ?
hum:ind ben casey 's boss ?
hum:ind multitalented academy-award-winning director failed college course motion-picture production ?
loc:ayer 's rock ?
num:date berlin wall erected ?
num:date cigarette advertising banned television radio ?
hum:ind wild crazy guy wrote book called cruel shoes ?
loc:city city 's theatrical district dubbed roaring forties ?
num:temp temperature set baking peachy oat muffins ?
num:count home runs did babe ruth hit lifetime ?
hum:ind death salesman original movie , 1985 ?
hum:ind dr. ruth 's name ?
loc:george washington born ?
num:count colors spectrum ?
hum:ind what 's middle movie producer joseph e. levine ?
loc:country caribbean countries share island hispaniola ?
hum:ind told ball four ?
hum:ind followed willy brandt chancellor federal republic germany ?
loc:mount continent 's second-highest peak mont blanc ?
loc:city peruvian city home mummified body francisco pizarro ?
num:date did french revolutionaries storm bastille ?
num:count men died building mackinaw bridge ?
hum:ind does world know renaissance artist kyriakos theotokopoulos by ?
hum:ind president bolivia ?
loc:country nationality gorbachev ?
hum:ind played title role romantic englishwoman ?
hum:ind president told gene autry : `` please regards wife dale '' ?
hum:ind deodorant claimed it `` actually builds resistance odor '' ?
hum:ind used auh2o election slogan ?
num:period long pay debt claiming chapter 11 bankruptcy ?
loc:ocean surrounds maldive islands ?
loc:country south american country won world cup soccer title 1978 ?
num:count cullions does male have ?
hum:ind painter popularized soup cans brillo soap pad boxes ?
hum:ind played lucas mccain rifleman ?
loc:colorful sea 's region does greek legend say amazons lived near ?
hum:ind person convicted lai massacre ?
loc:continent mozambique ?
hum:ind lawyer represented randy steven craft ?
hum:ind part did benjamin franklin play development newspaper america ?
num:date microsoft established ?
num:date did president kennedy , lee harvey oswald , jack ruby die ?
loc:u.s. location procter & gamble corporate offices ?
loc:state state known hawkeye state ?
hum:ind prime minister australia ?
loc:state southern states u.s. ?
loc:does river seine into ?
loc:state state did anita bryant represent 1959 miss america contest ?
num:count soldiers involved panama invasion united states america ?
num:count propellers helped power plane wright brothers flew history ?
hum:ind died 1 , 000 u.s. patents credit ?
hum:ind randy steven craft 's lawyer ?
hum:ind won general election president held malawi 1994 ?
loc:south bend ?
loc:country country coastline ?
loc:state states washington d.c. between ?
num:date year did joe dimaggio compile 56-game hitting streak ?
num:date year setting american graffiti ?
num:date did quilting begin ?
num:money did iran-contra investigation cost ?
hum:ind argentine revolutionary fought castro died bolivia may , 1979 ?
loc:botanical marvel did nebuchadnezzar build ?
hum:ind famous comic strip character died acne ?
num:count john deere tractors manufactured ?
num:date did communist control end hungary ?
hum:ind common christian u.s. presidents ?
num:count cherubs trivial pursuit board ?
num:count people live chile ?
loc:country european country 's monarchy restored 1975 ?
hum:ind english explorer discovered named virginia ?
loc:country country home heineken beer ?
num:date did charles lindbergh die ?
num:count athletes did puerto rico enter 1984 winter olympics ?
loc:highest continent ?
loc:i information journalist ?
loc:city city does maurizio pellegrin live ?
num:temp temperature today ?
num:temp temperature cooking ?