 contemptible scoundrel stole cork lunch ?
 scar-faced bounty hunter old west .
 ozzy osbourne born ?
 pride yankees ?
 killed gandhi ?
 sprawling u.s. state boasts airports ?
 jews executed concentration camps wwii ?
 date boxing day ?
 11 famous martyrs .
 inventor silly putty ?
 highest waterfall united states ?
 states enclose chesapeake bay ?
 points make perfect fivepin bowling score ?
 community chest cards monopoly ?
 did neanderthal man live ?
 adventures of `` swiss family robinson '' place ?
 people world speak french ?
 inches feet venus milo ?
 1920s cowboy star rode tony wonder horse ?
 country galapagos islands belong to ?
 prophet muslim people ?
 snoopy 's arch-enemy ?
 u.s. state lived flags ?
 loop ?
 country 's capital tirana ?
 herb tootsie live door to ?
 city oldest relationship sister�city los angeles ?
 names tourist attractions reims ?
 body water does danube river flow into ?
 founder scientology ?
 starred singing rain singing nun ?
 19th-century painter died marquesas islands ?
 country did nazis occupy 1 , cd nns nnp nnp nnp .
 species great white shark there ?
 nickname state mississippi ?
 villi small intestine ?
 country did king wenceslas rule ?
 marx brothers ?
 year new zealand excluded anzus alliance ?
 did cnn begin broadcasting ?
 did rococo painting architecture flourish ?
 country 's national passenger rail called via ?
 invented make-up ?
 following rhodes scholar ?
 comprised now-defunct comic book team known champions ?
 u.s. state fort knox in ?
 highest point japan ?
 does barney rubble work drops fred the `` flintstones '' cartoon series ?
 world 's oceans ?
 internet i song lyrics database similar international lyrics server ?
 money does injury lawsuit get ?
 i list of `` classic '' books 5th 6th graders read ?
 long does blood make complete trip body ?
 crooner joined andrews sisters pistol packin mama ?
 did bounty mutiny place ?
 cost purchase 2-foot-square party tent , sides , ?
 actress received oscar nominations ?
 years fossils form ?
 orinoco ?
 city boasts penn 's landing , banks delaware river ?
 hostages killed entebbe raid ?
 earns money hard way ?
 founded people 's temple commune ?
 athlete makes money sports merchandise sales ?
 bends standard paper clip ?
 discovered electricity ?
 american space ?
 south american countries n't border brazil ?
 busiest air travel season ?
 rose bowl played ?
 mayor marbella ?
 sun-blasted , 14-mile wide valley just north mojave desert ?
 year did thatcher prime minister ?
 months does moon revolve earth ?
 49 steps ?
 year gaulle elected president france ?
 sings themes for `` dawson 's creek '' and `` felicity '' ?
 directed `` jaws '' ?
 colonies involved american revolution ?
 city maurizio pellegrin lives in ?
 i pictorial directions build simple treehouse ?
 managing director apricot computer ?
 winter months southern hemisphere ?
 country contains africa 's northernmost point ?
 kalahari desert ?
 city called gotham ?
 created dennis menace ?
 dummy received honorary degree northwestern university ?
 wall street journal published ?
 countries largest areas forest ?
 alvin 's brothers
 did royal wedding prince andrew fergie place ?
 actor said day races : `` he 's dead watch stopped '' ?
 explorer nicknamed iberia 's pilot ?
 cnn began broadcasting year ?
 south american city world 's highest commercial landing field ?
 species sharks there ?
 people world ?
 acreage chappellet vineyard ?
 did beethoven die ?
 does new railroad coal car cost ?
 european countries entered war american independence british ?
 russian composer 's prelude c sharp minor brought fame fortune ?
 mother man king , duke windsor ?
 revolutions does standard lp make minutes ?
 tallest mountain world ?
 i review nightmare elm street film journal ?
 russian astronaut spacewalk ?
 south american countries letter z names ?
 george washington born ?
 people ground killed bombing pan flight 103 lockerbie , scotland , december 21 , cd .
 wrote nn dt nnp nnp '' ?
 steel united states built ?
 diminutive american female gymnast stole 1984 olympics ?
 did berlin wall up ?
 las vegas hotel burned november , 1980 , loss 84 lives ?
 did mount st. helen significant eruption ?
 did world war i start ?
 feet fathom ?
 european city nicois live in ?
 president afghanistan 1994 ?
 lead actress movie ` sleepless seattle ' ?
 16th president united states ?
 sons ozzie harriet nelson ?
 boxing day ?
 battle somme fought ?
 people did randy craft kill ?
 did spielberg direct `` jaws '' ?
 size largest akita ?
 california 's capital ?
 author book computer hackers called `` cuckoo 's egg : tracking spy maze computer espionage '' ?
 founding member pink floyd band ?
 european country home beer-producing city budweis ?
 christopher columbus born ?
 sea did romans mare nostrum ?
 city did flintstones live in ?
 doonesbury character likely turn werewolf ?
 stadium miami dolphins play home games in ?
 speaking role in `` silent movie '' ?
 einstein 's iq ?
 day pearl harbor attacked 1942 ?
 girl 's is `` teddy '' affectionate form of ?
 state john f. kennedy buried in ?
 u.s. state element named it ?
 years ago did ship titanic sink ?
 deepest area arctic ocean ?
 latitude longitude el paso , texas ?
 boat gopher wood ?
 i a `` fifth element '' screensaver ?
 bloom county resident wreaks havoc computer ?
 normal resting heart rate healthy adult ?
 population ohio ?
 calories big mac ?
 part did john peter zenger play deveopment newspaper america ?
 followed caesar ?
 woman golfer earn million ?
 answers.com 's address ?
 i buy movies videotape online ?
 does advertizing frito-lay ?
 invented radio ?
 what 's american dollar equivalent 8 pounds u.k. ?
 man pig-man pulls strings speaks miss piggy ?
 speed mississippi river ?
 actor portrayed james bond ?
 ocean largest world ?
 american poet win nobel prize literature , 1948 ?
 year did jack nicklaus join professional golfers association tour ?
 sonnets did shakespeare write ?
 won nobel peace prize 1991 ?
 city did christian crusaders fight recapture muslims ?
 coach cleveland browns ?
 speed mississippi river ?
 said super bowl iii 1969 : `` we 'll win- i guarantee it '' ?
 declared : `` i whores i shan 't stop ripping them '' ?
 does chocolate come from ?
 soviet leader owned rolls-royce ?
 i case individuals disabilities education act 1991 ?
 wrote song , `` stardust '' ?
 beatles ' records went #1 ?
 prime minister canada serve 22 years necessarily consecutively ?
 mountains lie arkansas missouri rivers ?
 received rogers award 1989 ?
 what 's closest g2 spectrum yellow dwarf earth ?
 equal angles isosceles triangle ?
 lawyer represented randy craft ?
 united states president dreamed assassinated ?
 basque country located ?
 time day did emperor hirohito die ?
 years did james joyce write ulysses ?
 south korean city served kimpo international airport ?
 types dogs ' tails there - three
 quantity american soldiers unaccounted vietnam war ?
 highest mountain earth mount everest discovered ?
 ligurian republic , 1797-185 , ?
 country 's people television watchers ?
 women 's suffrage amendment ratified ?
 nevada center dubbed biggest little city world ?
 president lived 219 north delaware street , independence , missouri ?
 soccer goalie stand permitted handle ball ?
 u.s. state woman governor elected ?
 year did hitler die ?
 famous model married billy joel ?
 money dumbo 's ears insured for ?
 danced stardom fred astaire 1941 's you 'll rich ?
 fastest swimmer world ?
 highest peak africa ?
 procter & gamble headquartered u.s. ?
 desert called garden allah ?
 miles ohio north carolina ?
 snow equals inch rain ?
 does average teenager intercourse ?
 actor 's autobiography titled yesterdays ?
 russian master spy lived u.s. emil goldfus ?
 where 's 19th hole golf course ?
 played original charlie 's angels ?
 i person 's address telephone number ?
 did sarge steel metal hand ?
 wrote night iguana ?
 country did king gustav v reign 197 195 ?
 painted mother child ?
 speed mississippi river ?
 area world day war fought ?
 brightest star visible earth ?
 mao 's second name ?
 hyenas live ?
 dna - man woman ?
 referees work soccer game ?
 tulip festival michigan ?
 came name , el nino ?
 dictator nickname `` el maximo '' ?
 u.s. city queen pacific ?
 tv sitcom character maiden ethel potter ?
 kept famous diary english language ?
 i 1 singles ?
 degrees cooler inside cucumber air outside ?
 spanish artist painted crucifixion ?
 spy novelist served moscow correspondent reuter times london ?
 long does spider-man 's web evaporate ?
 randy steven craft 's lawyer ?
 known spice island ?
 host person person ?
 ranger yogi bear .
 superstar rent-a-cars ?
 mccarren airport located city ?
 fraction beaver 's life spent swimming ?
 country largest sheep population ?
 country world 's largest importer cognac ?
 years johnnie walker black label aged ?
 black-and-white 1-cent stamp worth , thomas jefferson it , ?
 country time zones , 11 ?
 president stanford university ?
 presidential order was : `` let 's goddamn thing airborne '' ?
 city logan airport in ?
 innings regulation softball game ?
 did cnn air ?
 largest city great lakes ?
 telephone number university kentucky ?
 invented baseball ?
 wives did brigham young have ?
 long coney island boardwalk ?
 city gained renown pea-soup fogs ?
 shot poker game deadwood , dakota territory ?
 colleges wyoming ?
 russian seaport meaning `` lord east '' ?
 stocks traded on-line ?
 battle hastings ?
 did muhammad live ?
 people mountain climb nepal ?
 nordic nations ?
 internet i information fifth amendment american rights ?
 u.s. state borders illinois north ?
 temperature baking peachy oat muffins ?
 did myth santa claus originate ?
 city served logan international airport ?
 wrestling star became `` incredible hulk '' ?
 attracts tourists reims ?
 star 1965 broadway hit golden boy ?
 procter & gamble based u.s. ?
 web address list e-mail addresses members house representatives ?
 real name ?
 invented toothbrush ?
 abominable snowman said wander ?
 dots make symbol for `` because '' ?
 hearts does octopus have ?
 country allowed drive israel 1979 ?
 baseball star turned a $1 , 000-a-year contract felt n't earned it ?
 video game hero fans chomper ?
 holes tenpin bowling ball ?
 city state gay men live in ?
 tv comediennes 's characters include movie star nora desmond , secretary mrs. wiggins housewife named eunice ?
 percentage body muscle ?
 does average daycare provider paid new england ?
 played ringo kid 1939 film stagecoach ?
 died 1 feet john f. kennedy did ?
 site www.questions.com going open ?
 nipsy russell given birth ?
 youngest beatles ?
 i best free evidence debate russia ?
 gates microsoft e-mail address ?
 russian city boasts hermitage museum ?
 bastille day ?
 shots stock m16 hold ?
 holy roman emperor ?
 day week sees fatal car accidents ?
 trinidad ?
 graced airwaves pearls as `` ya lo-o-ove me ? naked , baby ! '' ?
 portrayed portly criminologist carl hyatt checkmate ?
 fast light ?
 american encyclopedia published ?
 what 's tallest building new york city ?
 i information narragansett indians tribes rhode island ?
 quarters equal pound ?
 names rowan martin , stars tv 's laugh-in ?
 chapter bible verses ?
 worst president ever ?
 asian leader known little brown saint ?
 fast does fastest car go ?
 highest mountain world ?
 arch place la concorde ?
 sings song `` drink thine eyes '' ben johnson ?
 long person wash hands clean ?
 way turn bic increase flame - clockwise counterclockwise ?
 wealthiest country world ?
 monarch united kingdom ?
 common girl names us ?
 country australia 's largest export market ?
 kentucky horse park located ?
 does data collection tourism ?
 daughter virginia chief powhatan married john rolfe ?
 leading pecan peanut growing state ?
 famous founders united artists ?
 sperm cells average ejaculation ?
 far run hit home run ?
 u.s. president wear nazi uniform ?
 tropical rain forest distributions ?
 what 's nickname oddsmaker jimmy snyder ?
 number people randy steven craft convicted killing ?
 far man travel outer space ?
 lincoln assassinated ?
 u.s. highway death toll 1969 ?
 autobiography titled yes i can ?
 year did united states pass copyright law ?
 percentage americans homes ?
 what 's day week ?
 city president william mckinley shot in ?
 city world 's longest subway system ?
 claimed killed 4 , 280 buffalo food crew building kansas pacific railway ?
 degrees cooler inside cucumber air outside ?
 double talking `` professor '' holds doctorate nothing ?
 expensive cities world ?
 19th-century writer country estate hudson dubbed sunnyside ?
 layers yellow paint faber mongol pencil lucky sprayed with ?
 cook rawhide ?
 county chicago in ?
 wingspan condor ?
 named admiral ocean seas viceroy governor general islands discover , granted 10-?? profits voyage .
 does average daycare provider paid new england ?
 author landed 468-pound marlin harness early 193 's ?
 americans fought british american revolution ?
 oceans them ?
 pairs legs does lobster have ?
 danube ?
 lawyer won largest divorce settlement , $85 million , u.s. history sheika dena al-farri ?
 delivered newscast march 6 , 1981 ?
 times has `` louie , louie '' recorded ?
 longest place u.s. ?
 percent liked thatcher power decade ?
 does buzz aldrin want build permanent , manned space station ?
 i correct tabs eye blind songs ?
 major-league left-handed baseball pitcher known as `` space man '' ?
 michelangelo 's name ?
 democratic nominee american presidential election ?
 asian country rights cows ?
 fingers used draw bow ?
 hurricane hugo ?
 president-to-member congress enlist following attack pearl harbor ?
 price varian associates ' vacuum products division ?
 was `` great depression '' ?
 classical spanish writer warned : `` glitters gold '' ?
 actor married john f. kennedy 's sister ?
 fired maria ybarra position san diego council ?
 italian artist , maurizio pellegrin , old ?
 black golfer tee masters ?
 city setting puccini 's opera la boheme ?
 u.s. president showed fondness munching bee pollen bars ?
 cover employee universal import export ?
 president 's daughter written book titled murder white house ?
 fictional character known the `` melancholy dane '' ?
 longtime game host dropped dead jogging central park 1984 ?
 the `` filthiest people alive ? ''
 year did ireland elect woman president ?
 mozambique located ?
 months does normal human pregnancy last ?
 real disc jockey `` wolfman jack '' ?
 city houses u.s. headquarters procter gamble ?
 minimum wage 1991 ?
 invented silly putty ?
 patented phonograph ?
 vietnamese soviet union ?
 average , miles moon ?
 created private detective philip marlowe ?
 smallest country africa ?
 coined term nn cyberspace `` novel nn neuromancer '' ?
 man invented multicolored game cube 42.3 quintillion potential combinations ?
 lauren bacall 's husband ?
 hands does bjorn borg use hitting forehand ?
 people died d-day ?
 u.s. congressman said : `` faith , baby '' .
 created character scrooge ?
 student population university massachusetts amherst ?
 windsor castle ?
 did dow reach ?
 i names 15 pokemon ?
 state does martha stewart live in ?
 benelux countries ?
 where 's petrified forest ?
 tornado alley ?
 author of `` john brown 's body '' ?
 american poet wrote : `` good fences make good neighbors '' ?
 state u.s. blacks ?
 city maurizio pellegrin lives called ?
 painted sistine chapel ?
 various costumed personas dr. henry pym .
 oldest website internet ?
 explorers followed columbus americas ?
 actress goldie hawn 's current actor boyfriend ?
 banned peter rose baseball betting games ?
 san francisco fire ?
 casinos atlantic city , nj ?
 year did vietnam war end ?
 names richard nixon 's daughters ?
 chromosome number elephant ?
 what 's longest river world ?
 berlin 's brandenburg gate erected ?
 double-word-score spaces scrabble crossword game board ?
 year did germany sign nonaggression pact soviet union ?
 mountain range traversed highest railroad world ?
 nicknamed little corporal ?
 cds garth brooks sold ?
 leading medical groups specializing lung diseases ?
 what 's sacred river india ?
 stefan edberg 's native country ?
 gutenberg bibles there ?
 largest country south america .
 american folk hero john chapman 's nickname ?
 author did photographer yousuf karsh call `` shiest man i met '' ?
 country godiva chocolates from ?
 poet poem begins : i know gods ; i think river strong brown god-sullen , untamed ?
 u.s. state records rainfall ?
 texas city got spanish for `` yellow '' ?
 country did nile river originate in ?
 barroom judge called law west pecos ?
 president costa rica 1994 ?
 country best defensive position board game diplomacy ?
 countries share khyber pass ?
 chairman senate select committee tried watergate ?
 actor starred 1980 's blue lagoon , 1982 's pirate movie 1983 's night heaven ?
 home runs did lou gehrig career ?
 city headquarters sinn fein ?
 i information george bush ?
 voice miss piggy ?
 replaced bert parks host miss america pageant ?
 boys play game winslow homer 's 1872 painting snap whip ?
 sheep shorn ?
 what 's second-largest island world ?
 century does captain video live in ?
 astronauts manned project mercury flight ?
 logan airport ?
 person inducted u.s. swimming hall fame ?
 golfer called ohio fats blobbo ?
 murdered leno rosemary labianca august 1
 average cost years medical school ?
 following men married rita hayworth ?
 current ticket fare cairo barbados ?
 state nickname mississippi ?
 students attend university massachusetts ?
 said , `` i shall return . '' world war two ?
 portrayed etta place , companion butch cassidey sundance kid ?
 what 's temple located near capital city laos ?
 actress , marion davies , buried ?
 charlie perfume woman ?
 portrayed `` rosanne rosanna-dana '' television show `` saturday night live '' ?
 singer despondent death freddie prinze , quit business , quit business ?
 did iraqi troops invade kuwait ?
 famous singing cowboy owns california angels baseball team ?
 probability 2 25 people birthday ?
 canadians emmigrate year ?
 gerald ford 's vice president ?
 different languages spoken europe ?
 year desmond mpilo tutu awarded nobel peace prize ?
 invented batteries ?
 i buy good snowboard than $200 ?
 infamous pseudonym peter sutcliffe ?
 london street home british journalism ?
 city famed st. mark 's square ?
 did minimum wage 1991 ?
 tufts university ?
 chemical reactivity argon ?
 engines does boeing 737 have ?
 long mao 's 1930s long march ?
 does teaspoon matter weigh black hole ?
 province edmonton located in ?
 did sonny liston succeed world heavyweight boxing champion ?
 martin luther king jr. 's real birthday ?
 president dispatched cruiser carry charles lindbergh home epic flight ?
 video titled shape arnold ?
 james bond novels there ?
 large arctic refuge preserve unique wildlife wilderness value alaska 's north coast ?
 electricity does brain need work ?
 acres mile ?
 who 's twin brother greek goddess artemis ?
 per-capita income colombia , south america , ?
 grammys did michael jackson win 1983 ?
 oldest website internet ?
 average age member team worked manhatten project ?
 country received nobel prizes awarded 1976 ?
 syllables line hendecasyllabic poetry ?
 britain 's possession chinese mainland ?
 america 's public enemy no. 1 ?
 children 18 victims sort physical abuse year ?
 lives 24 sussex drive , ottawa ?
 states incorporate confederate battle flag flags ?
 guam ?
 famous door-to-door brush salesman ?
 people america snore ?
 trying rent andy capp ?
 did jackie kennedy commission write death president ?
 stars soviet union 's flag ?
 sought create great society ?
 tourist attractions reims ?
 lengths pearl necklaces ?
 said : `` soldiers win battles generals credit '' ?
 long does typical hen lay 19 dozen eggs ?
 colorado city owns glacier ?
 does cost , average available , produce send junk mail catalogues us ? , dt cd nn nn ,
 current secretary general ?
 did guinea pigs originate ?
 countries ' coastlines border bay biscay ?
 slinky invented ?
 characters ' names scooby-doo cartoon ?
 dick tracy villain appear times ?
 european capital celebrated 2 , 000th anniversary 1951 ?
 country setting live twice ?
 thatcher 's approval rating 10 years power ?
 calories tomato ?
 state co-educational college established
 country latin america largest one ?
 hawaiian island pearl harbor ?
 feathered cartoon characters yugoslavians know vlaja , gaja , raja ?
 dick clark born ?
 death toll people dying tuberculosis ?
 city wiener schnitzel named for ?
 desert highest sand dunes ?
 countries contain sierra nevada mountains ?
 long tv mission star trek 's enterprise be ?
 phone number i tree planted ?
 did the `` star-spangled banner '' national anthem ?
 continent 's appears upper left corner budweiser label ?
 secretary war civil war battle gettysburg ?
 did bobby fischer beat win world chess championship ?
 i information statistics countries nations ?
 day august 13 , 1971 ?
 i list companies america offer direct stock purchase plan ?
 big quart ?
 country terrible beauty leon uris ?
 i buy hat like kind jay kay jamiroquai wears ?
 lawyer randy craft .
 homelite inc. home page ?
 mountainous region world lhasa apso dog native to ?
 long does light reach earth sun ?
 lives 39 stone canyon way ?
 questions thing ?
 played humpty dumpty 1933 film alice wonderland ?
 karenna gore , al gore 's oldest daughter , married to ?
 played title role i teenage werewolf ?
 year did hitler gain power germany ?
 year did rossetti paint `` beata beatrix '' ?
 i information touring philippines ?
 square feet gates ' home ?
 actor rex harrison 's son , starred modestly popular tv late 1960's ?
 inventor stove ?
 comedian legendary reputation stealing jokes ?
 i information cyclone hit new jersey 8/28/1941 ?
 boxing day celebrated date ?
 king forced agree magna carta ?
 honorary citizen u.s. ?
 richard nixon gerald ford president ?
 does u.s. rank world countries area ?
 target rate m3 growth 1992 ?
 scholar literal translations chinese japanese ezra pound depended ?
 did israel begin turning gaza strip jericho plo ?
 stage character face seen .
 energy released oxygen hydrogen mix ?
 known as `` world 's oldest teenager '' ?
 largest breweries world ?
 country western singer known silver fox ?
 building appropriately depicted 1-dollar bill ?
 baseball team owner sailor known mouth south ?
 patricia hearst night kidnaped ?
 viking prince 's name ?
 rider college located ?
 boxer 's life story titled raging bull ?
 advised listeners to `` u.s.a. chevrolet '' ?
 restaurant ?
 i written draft ctbt ?
 horses died civil war ?
 waste does average dairy cow produce day ?
 nobel laureate expelled philippines conference east timor ?
 woman carried multiple births , twins , triplets , etc. , ?
 minutes original ge college bowl clock ?
 average time takes male ejaculate ?
 website international court justice ?
 8 10 highest mountains world ?
 i look perpetual calendar ?
 astronauts moon ?
 year did bounty mutiny happen ?
 bourbon king restored french throne napoleon 's abdication ?
 cities university minnesota located in ?
 daughter henry viii anne boleyn queen england ?
 useful site internet ?
 world 's highest peak ?
 comedienne upstaged dwight d. eisenhower 's inauguration giving birth child ?
 olympic games nadia comaneci popular played ?
 hearst castle , built publisher william randolph hearst ?
 what 's largest u.s. city great lakes ?
 sang desmond molly jones ?
 costume designer decided michael jackson wear glove ?
 rows sprocket holes does roll 35-millimeter film have ?
 goat population world ?
 sea separates naples algiers ?
 lawyers state new jersey ?
 blind sculptress love fantastic four 's thing .
 national basketball association superstar told story giant steps ?
 did fraze patent pull-tab can ?
 games played five-team round-robin tournament ?
 developed polio vaccine ?
 gas engine ?
 country claimed rubens , van dyck bruegel citizens ?
 questions database ?
 i examples legal cases individuals disabilities education act ?
 character did tex avery create arriving mgm ?
 triangle shirtwaist fire ?
 asian spiritual political leader married age 13 ?
 ocho rios ?
 ocean does mauritania border ?
 country kosovo part of ?
 tell city kentucky horse park near ?
 gross 's email address ?
 english queen seventeen children ?
 approximate population las vegas , n.m ?
 does president paid ?
 baseball players make battery ?
 children ages eleven , percentage watch `` simpsons '' ?
 what 's northernmost u.s. state apart alaska ?
 gallery new york .
 sells viagra ?
 building british monarchs crowned in ?
 did dita beard work for ?
 country use airplane weapon war , turks libya ?
 served inspiration schoolteacher portrayed robin williams in `` dead poets society '' ?
 columbia tristar 's phone number ?
 original seven mercury program astronauts did fly mercury flights ?
 best known villain 165 gunpowder plot ?
 capital burkina faso ?
 continent bolivia on ?
 killed people , hitler stalin ?
 u.s. state blondes ?
 u.s. highway death toll 1969 ?
 mustachioed comedian portrayed frankie north alaska ?
 does utilities cost monopoly ?
 actor world war ii airman a $5 , 0 bounty put head hermann goering ?
 city called insurance capital world ?
 portrayed dracula hammer studios ' films ?
 fish believed earth ?
 president 's favorite biblical quotation was : `` come now , let reason together '' .
 elevators ride reach floor empire state building ?
 country sir edmund hillary born in ?
 city john f. kennedy nominated president in ?
 long does dog sleep ?
 fined having dog beach ?
 did battle bulge place ?
 california year 2000 ?
 mystery writer penned `` ...glory greece , grandeur rome '' ?
 state milk honey destination grapes wrath ?
 tallest building japan ?
 sinn fein 's headquarters ?
 iraqis launched attack kuwait day ?
 country 's northernmost city darwin ?
 sound does olympia , washington , overlook ?
 kentucky city calls horse center america ?
 penny-farthings trivial pursuit game board ?
 european country boasts city furth , rivers rednitz pegnitz converge ?
 u.s. state dixville notch in ?
 cisalpine republic , 1797-185 , ?
 largest shopping mall world ?
 protagonist 's dostoevski 's `` idiot '' ?
 presidential press secretary dismissed watergate third-rate burglary attempt ?
 authors ?
 original humpty dumpty ?
 location orange bowl ?
 president nixon 's birthday ?
 cupboard bare ?
 seven seas ?
 what 's popeye 's adopted son ?
 invented vacuum cleaner ?
 2th-century fictional character attends pencey prep school ?
 people usa say number source information newspaper ?
 does shakespeare 's antonio borrow 3 , 0 ducats from ?
 country known as `` big bear '' ?
 times day prescription marked `` q.i.d . '' ?
 voyager project manager ?
 commanders directed forces battle el alamein ?
 creator of `` muppets '' .
 replies `` i know '' princess leia 's confession `` i love you '' empire strikes back ?
 what 's home rockettes ?
 i information i need know english civil war , 1642-1649 , ?
 won 1967 academy award best actor ?
 private citizen fly space .
 football star elroy hirsch 's nickname ?
 singer sings `` oh boy '' ?
 pizza americans eat day ?
 website usa journal ?
 u.s. state second-longest coastline ?
 state 's home buffalo historical center ?
 fast cheetahs run ?
 fast 45mhz processor ?
 count did alexandre dumas write about ?
 odds giving birth twins ?
 largest natural lake pennsylvania ?
 far london uk california ?
 years old benny carter ?
 does santa fe trail begin end ?
 city canada least-populated ?
 old stevie wonder ?
 taiwanese president ?
 luke skywalker 's father ?
 isle man ?
 death toll eruption mount pinatubo ?
 millennium officially begin ?
 created comic strip , `` garfield '' ?
 vietnamese terrorist delegate doonesbury ?
 imaginary line rocky mountains ?
 country 's capital lagos ?
 does ray bradbury 's chronicles place ?
 current prime minister president russia ?
 established viking colony greenland 985 ?
 latitude longitude el paso , texas ?
 i information cystic fibrosis ?
 did honecker rule ?
 life span average monkey ?
 member states un ?
 shot killed painting wheatfield crows ?
 future president senate majority whip harry truman ?
 architect central park ?
 dimensions ice hockey goal ?
 cnn 's broadcast ?
 african country governed ouagadougou ?
 christian title character miss brooks ?
 hard-hearing artist painted sunflowers ?
 wrote sons lovers ?
 french seaport claims home wines ?
 long does sunlight reach earth ?
 milliseconds second ?
 cherokee indian gave tree ?
 camcorders introduced malaysia ?
 chance conceiving quadruplets ?
 star leave beaver ?
 countries largest armed forces world ?
 william f. cody 's better-known name ?
 did richard nixon tender resignation to ?
 following rock 'n roll stars a `` star '' hollywood boulevard ?
 exchange rate australian american money ?
 states did richard nixon carry 1972 ?
 shillings 2 guinea ?
 took conductor boston pops arthur fiedler 's long reign ?
 nazi leader killed jail just executed war criminal ?
 brand number graces black label bottle jack daniel 's ?
 city terrorized dracula night stalker ?
 fastest guitarist ?
 best hospital orthopedics country ?
 betrayed norway nazis ?
 took toys donated doodyville orphans ' fund kept himself ?
 picts ?
 stationed camp swampy comic strips ?
 year did china republic korea establish diplomatic relations ?
 tall giraffe ?
 actor dressed santa claus once-a-year affair actress shelley winters christmas years ?
 long did stanley livingstone ?
 nation 's children ages watch ` simpsons ' ?
 lake sheboygan on ?
 largest lake north america ?
 people died smoking problem 1997 ?
 wrote look love viewing ursula andress ?
 american swimmer won seven gold medals 1972 olympics ?
 claims greatest earth ?
 honeymooners actress did television magazine 1953 's promising star ?
 role medieval guild ?
 silly putty invented whom ?
 invented paper clip ?
 did lauren bacall marry husband humphrey bogart died ?
 times 16-year national basketball associaton career john havlicek member all-star team ?
 city state gay men live in ?
 shea gould office los angeles long closing it ?
 year did degas create bronze sculpture , `` fourth position front ? ''
 composer awarded medal honor franklin d. roosevelt ?
 url extensions there ? they ?
 long intercourse does pregnant ?
 created fantastic four , hulk , thor ?
 composer of `` canon d major '' ?
 european american eels born ?
 author novel `` far madding crowd '' ?
 department store heir responsible raising three-ton safe underwater wreckage andrea doria ?
 town chartered vermont ?
 state longest great lakes shoreline ?
 u.s. state ends g ?
 varieties twins there ?
 largest libraries us ?
 people live falklands ?
 camp david named for ?
 portrayed `` man face '' movie name ?
 money minimum wage 1991 ?
 year patent pull-tab opener cans obtained ?
 country boasts dams ?
 regular price ?
 metropolis landmark introduced superman cartoons 1940 's ?
 mozambique ?
 city declaration independence located ?
 won world series ?
 credited saying : `` i met man i did n't like '' ?
 nationality jackson pollock ?
 earth 's surface permanently frozen ?
 queen victoria born ?
 people executed abraham lincoln 's assassination ?
 worth seeing reims ?
 yemen reunified ?
 mexican leader shot dead 1923 ?
 federal minimum wage ?
 unemployment statistics years 1965 1990 ?
 santa lucia ?
 female painter produced primitives rural new england life ?
 names old men appear serial tv muppets show ?
 horsepower shuttle boosters ?
 year did apartheid start ?
 created big ben ?
 city city oz ?
 populous state covers 49 , 576 square miles ?
 state 11 million gallon oil spill ?
 did aldous huxley write , `` brave new world '' ?
 country did ancient romans refer hibernia ?
 long longest hiccup attack ?
 people live tokyo ?
 fruit-topped actress known brazilian bombshell ?
 played title role favorite martian ?
 invented game scrabble ?
 did humans begin write history seriously ?
 city u.s. experienced growth recently ?
 tokyo street glitters famed department stores nightclubs ?
 average life expectancy stone age ?
 mighty mouse conceived , original name ?
 u.s. presidents assassinated queen victoria 's reign ?
 flush toilet invented ?
 nathan hamill 's role new star wars prequel ?
 disks does player four-handed game crokinole ?
 old sun ?
 percentage children ages watch ` simpsons ' ?
 years ago did led zeppelin release album ?
 people randy craft convicted killing ?
 country woo wu dialect ?
 new york yankee known iron horse ?
 considered lady american stage ?
 penned : `` borrower lender be '' ?
 headed hitler 's infamous gestapo ?
 south american city features exclusive copacabana beach ipanema ?
 german city italians monaco bavaria ?
 island group contains jersey , guernsey , sark herm ?
 person called likes fire ?
 helium discovered , name ?
 musical plea true school ?
 french designer declared : `` jean destructor ! dictator ! destroying creativity. jean stopped ! '' ?
 season setting shakespeare 's midsummer night 's dream ?
 comedian banned ed sullivan allegedly making obscene gesture show 's host ?
 country setting edgar allan poe 's pit pendulum ?
 apollo 11 astronaut minded store armstrong aldrin history ?
 current ticket fare cairo barbados ?
 second highest mountain peak world ?
 good little witch casper 's girlfriend ?
 nickname frederick i , holy roman emperor king germany ?
 month , date , year did charles i die ?
 cubic feet space does gallon water occupy ?
 what 's world 's largest cathedral ?
 european countries begin letter a ?
 earthworms single pasture ?
 stonehenge ?
 average hourly rate american workers ?
 who 's founder editor national review ?
 year did build berlin wall ?
 governor west virginia ?
 what 's world 's longest suspension bridge ?
 asian city boasts world 's biggest bowling alley ?
 jean aeul publish book ?
 famous soldier born europe , died asia , laid rest africa ?
 cities population million ?
 constellation contains twins castor pollux ?
 meters mile ?
 famed london criminal court feudal castle ?
 milligrams gram ?
 did title ?
 i large list 5 6 letter words ?
 michael jackson 's middle name ?
 woman fly solo atlantic ?
 long human gestation ?
 does mother angelica live ?
 what 's population mississippi ?
 started dominos pizza chain ?
 old jeremy piven ?
 nba players jersey number 0 ?
 colored squares rubik 's cube ?
 mayo clinic ?
 caribbean island called little england ?
 amsterdam ?
 i lyrics song ` getting married today ' musical ` company ' ?
 famous movie star acted sewer commissioner provo canyon , utah ?
 australian city home america 's cup ?
 randy craft 's lawyer .
 river does grand coulee dam dam ?
 quadruplets born ?
 presidents died 4th july ?
 person called likes fire ?
 portrayed vincent van gogh lust life ?
 reliable site i download heretic 2 ?
 season begins vernal equinox ?
 known time master comic books ?
 did cable cars roll clay street 1873 ?
 george lucas 's e-mail address ?
 father computer ?
 said : `` old soldiers die ; just fade away '' ?
 long tyrannosaurus rex 's teeth ?
 who 's man won olympic decathlon twice ?
 kenyan city safari center east africa ?
 miss india 1994 ?
 u.s. states active volcanoes ?
 second man walk moon ?
 major victorian novelist spent time working post office did writing ?
 year olympic games played nadia comaneci popular ?
 biggest indian airports ?
 world 's largest oceans , order size ?
 pope ?
 internet i information laundry detergent ?
 shea & gould law firm office l.a. years ?
 what 's common surname america ?
 long does typical american eat 23 quarts ice cream ?
 city called athens switzerland ?
 did bocci originate ?
 i information bob barr , representative georgia ?
 frequency vhf ?
 electoral votes does win presidency ?
 cities dickens 's tale cities ?
 year movie commandments released ?
 countries best math students ?
 beers company founded ?
 black performer network tv show ?
 date bastille day ?
 did freidreich wilhelm ludwig leichhardt , prussian born explorer , school ?
 folic acid expectant mother daily ?
 caffeine 16 oz cup coffee ?
 countries south america landlocked ?
 columbia tristar 's phone number ?
 did princess diana prince charles married ?
 country did hitler rule ?
 directed wild bunch ?
 orange bowl city ?
 comedian born allen stewart konigsberg ?
 leos pope ?
 state herbert hoover born in ?
 fiddlers did old king cole have ?
 poet wrote : `` ... i promises keep , miles i sleep '' ?
 population india ?
 long flies live ?
 runs andy capp 's favorite pub ?
 state produces best lobster eat ?
 times day does typical person bathroom ?
 islands got spanish baja mar , meaning shallow water ?
 author days lives cookbook signed 198 liz chandler tv 's days lives ?
 president assassinated charles j. guiteau ?
 comic tv 's golden age went motto `` laugh '' ?
 feet long baseball pitcher 's rubber ?
 nationality jackson pollock ?
 invented game bowling ?
 times larger life size statue liberty ?
 country hitler ruled ?
 long does human live ?
 i u.s. economic statistics ?
 superbowls ers won ?
 creator of `` muppets '' ?
 following celebrities started show-biz career disc jockey ?
 what 's perfect score gymnastics exercise ?
 what 's capital iowa ?
 asked loco-motion 1962 ?
 president served years , months 2 days ?
 drew barrymore 's middle name ?
 supergirl 's secret identity ?
 federal government website standard industrial classification codes , sic , ?
 surfboard ?
 police officer tried order cat 's neighborhood ?
 date did rosa parks symbol civil rights movement refusing seat bus ?
 highest-paying odds roulette table ?
 year did marine corps adopt motto `` semper fidelis '' ?
 films did ingmar bergman make ?
 greek god sea ?
 well-known music personality father adopted son named hans christian henderson ?
 barbie produced ?
 woman governor wyoming ?
 weeks winter ground hog sees shadow ?
 green bay packers coach philosophized : `` there 's stokes like hate '' ?
 henry ford museum ?
 year did nylon stockings sale ?
 10 largest cities us ?
 famous comedian recently tried success revive play ?
 drew barrymore 's email address ?
 nationality 123 people died black hole calcutta ?
 tv family buys eclairs nelson 's bakery ?
 enigmatic u.s. vice president tried acquitted treason plot set independent empire west ?
 charles lindbergh 's wife ?
 sings angel eyes 80 's ?
 did jurassic period end ?
 date iraq 's invasion kuwait ?
 planet ewoks live on ?
 dumb-but-loveable character did maurice gosfield play phil silvers show ?
 sea surrounds cayman islands ?
 different vegetation zones there ?
 ocean amelia earhart flying disappeared ?
 nickname german flying ace manfred von richthofen ?
 country germany invaded poland september 1939 ?
 rights ratified ?
 largest u.s. state east mississippi ?
 what 's population biloxi , mississippi ?
 california desert dubbed high desert ?
 wrote ` hamlet ' ?
 blackhawks maintain operations ?
 african country founded freed american slaves 1847 ?
 year did issue of `` playboy '' come out ?
 orange bowl located city ?
 pseudonym did william sydney porter use writing gift magi ?
 lucy linus peanut 's comic strip ?
 cheery fellow got zip code 9971 u.s. postal service 1963 ?
 layers does bottle yoo-hoo settle into ?
 what 's nearest star earth ?
 inoco based ?
 number assassinations attempts assassinate u.s. 1865 ?
 stations shoot basketball game `` world '' ?
 russian ambassador hungary 1956 uprising ?
 holds nfl record touchdowns season ?
 average age horse lives ?
 planet visit bebrenia , arcadia , amazonis ?
 natick ?
 wrote ` pines rome ' ?
 valley kings ?
 did sport caber-tossing originate ?
 played chicago bears , houston oilers oakland raiders 26-year pro football career ?
 union stockyards ?
 does weird shape dinner fish knife originate from ?
 children does ray davies kinks have ?
 years did shea & gould practice law los angeles ?
 salt oceans ?
 leads star ship enterprise star trek ?
 won world war ii ?
 does u.s. energy ?
 country , canada mexico , closest u.s. ?
 garrett morgan married to ?
 darth vader 's son ?
 stars big dipper ?
 wings does flea have ?
 country called queen antilles ?
 i website gives comparisons good prices ?
 population mozambique ?
 state indians ?
 long camptown racetrack ?
 blob members animated herculoids .
 did luther display his `` ninety-theses '' ?
 river pocahontas buried along ?
 miles london , england plymouth , england ?
 dartmouth college ?
 well-known tv talk host lay preacher time seventeen ?
 backstreet boys single ?
 people randy craft convicted murdering ?
 river flows vienna , budapest belgrade ?
 civil war general wreaked havoc south marching georgia way sea ?
 conservationist served spokesperson post grape nuts ?
 area produces acidic coffee ?
 suburban housewife mother wrote feminine mystique ?
 date ukrainians ' christmas ?
 largest city world ?
 average weight man ?
 britain 's longest rivers ?
 country covers 8 , 600 , 387 square miles ?
 canine cartoon character huckleberry hound voice daws butler .
 state mark twain national forests ?
 oldest ethnological museum world ?
 dinosaur remains found ?
 shoplifts ?
 island park called battery southern tip ?
 clara peller paid wendy 's say `` where 's beef '' ?
 date cnn 's broadcast ?
 all-time stock high apple computer , i information ?
 calypso music invented ?
 caribbean island northeast trinidad ?
 old bernadette peters ?
 i book reviews of `` turbulent souls '' ?
 dick clark 's birthday ?
 did hitler come power germany ?
 did gothic architecture flourish ?
 inventors invented post-its ?
 day week july 13 ?
 image alleged shroud turin ?
 u.s. general court-martialled criticizing american air power ?
 said : `` victor asked told truth '' ?
 approximately students enrolled university massachusetts ?
 fastest growing state u.s.a. 1998 ?
 american soldiers died country date ?
 does opera singer ileana cotrubas come from ?
 saddam hussein compared president bush ?
 year naacp founded ?
 year did thatcher gain power ?
 wrote book , `` grinch stole christmas '' ?
 i learn samuel gompers ?
 jockey won 17 triple crown races ?
 u.s. state 's biggest lake lake sam rayburn ?
 seized power milton obote 1971 ?
 state niagara falls located in ?
 hot does inside active volcano get ?
 orange bowl ?
 scandinavian capital built bridge-connected islands ?
 well-known actor father star alan alda ?
 smithsonian institute located ?
 size argentina ?
 date richard nixon 's birthday ?
 little boy dog live shoe ?
 percent world 's fresh water canada ?
 cnn 's broadcast occurred date ?
 grooves dime ?
 marilyn monroe 's real name ?
 number american soldiers remain unaccounted vietnam war ?
 father son won medal honor ?
 consecutive baseball games did lou gehrig play ?
 different types skunks there ?
 prophet medina ?
 year did spielberg make `` jaws '' ?
 woman john belushi died ?
 tourists visit reims ?
 united states city produces oil ?
 what 's percentage children aged watch ` 'simpsons ' ?
 country western hemisphere join russian-led boycott 1984 summer olympics ?
 part africa mozambique located ?
 funeral train traveled washington d.c. springfield , illinois ?
 what 's better-known identity john merrick , noble ogre victorian england ?
 husband 's name ?
 following did receive 1983 `` outstanding mother award '' national mother 's day committee ?
 dynasty star 2th century-fox debut virgin queen ?
 poe 's birthplace ?
 actress holds record appearances cover life ?
 u.s. president brothers-in-law confederate army ?
 queen holland ?
 i detailed information manchukuo ?
 actor learned play saxophone speak russian role movie ?
 says , `` don 't look good , don 't look good '' ?
 secretary state nixon administration ?
 money does player beginning game monopoly ?
 where 's gum department store ?
 state named green mountain state ?
 year atm introduced ?
 southern states united states ?
 does 7847+5943 equal ?
 attorneys work center defense free enterprise ?
 dick clark 's date birth ?
 equal sides scalene triangle ?
 did gates college ?
 constellation known water bearer ?
 year cartoon character chilly willy created ?
 i history taiwanese language ?
 state mount mckinley in ?
 classical spanish writer said `` glitters gold '' ?
 large missouri 's population ?
 internal combustion engine developed ?
 painted `` soft self-portrait grilled bacon '' ?
 killed caesar ?
 kings canyon ?
 time does wee willie winkie run town ?
 chapter gone wind rhett butler leaving scarlett o 'hara ?
 money did philippine ex-dictator marcos steal treasury ?
 asian country thrilled sport cricket fighting ?
 varieties apple there ?
 who 's won oscars costume design ?
 average life expectancy male ireland 1996 ?
 city near mouth amazon ?
 u.s. vice-president declared : `` you 've seen slum , you 've seen all '' ?
 wrote red badge courage ?
 did inuits live ?
 british monarch 's lap did p.t. barnum 's tom thumb sit in ?
 invented road traffic cone ?
 following people associated andy warhol ?
 royal palace served granary , prison , arsenal , leper colony , mint , telegraph station whorehouse museum ?
 was `` i fallen , i can 't up '' said first ?
 president 's ghost said haunt white house ?
 names jack 's original roommates three 's company ?
 url extensions there ? they ?
 did wright brothers make flight ?
 won battle gettysburg ?
 youngsters saved animated moby dick .
 captain tanker , exxon valdez , involved oil spill prince william sound , alaska , 1989 ?
 snowiest city u.s. ?
 chemical reactivity helium ?
 actor played detective film kindergarden cop what ?
 actor came dinner guess who 's coming dinner ?
 engineer invented pull-tab can ?
 south american capital world 's highest ?
 civil war battlefield .
 plant winter wheat ?
 counties indiana ?
 actress appear postage stamp ?
 black woman star folies bergeres ?
 famed strip land 15-minute boat trip venetian lagoon venice ?
 exchange rate england u.s. ?
 protection rate using condoms ?
 continent roses ?
 corners does spritsail have ?
 bottled-tv character born baghdad ?
 largest mountain ranges asian continent ?
 far see ?
 bible does tell jesus christ 's brothers sisters ?
 country boasts southernmost point continental europe ?
 did nostradamus believe world war iii begin ?
 country brian boru 11th-century king of ?
 asked musical question : `` electric lady land ? ''
 wrote : `` poems fools like god make tree '' ?
 did 6th annual meeting indonesia-malaysia forest experts place ?
 played part godfather movie , ` godfather ' ?
 london 's docklands light railway constructed ?
 invented wonderbra ?
 state capital comes alphabetically ?
 long did charles manson murder trial last ?
 long does blood make complete trip body ?
 owns st. louis rams ?
 pro wrestler johnny `` rubber man '' walker ?
 geographical center including alaska hawaii ?
 mormons believe christ born ?
 year actress joan collins born ?
 average salary restaurant manager united states ?
 average , long time does type screenplay ?
 long cardinal eggs incubate ?
 texas surgeon performed artificial heart transplant ?
 country port haifa ?
 address main government office rome , italy ?
 appearances center square hollywood squares ?
 10 members rodeo cowboys association worked ranch ?
 what `` marvelous '' major-league baseball player spokesman beer company ?
 said `` thing fear fear itself '' ?
 romania located ?
 films major studios year ?
 small businesses u.s .
 age benny carter ?
 city did mormons establish headquarters 1847 ?
 countries linked brenner pass ?
 mississippi state nickname ?
 u.s. city named st. francis assisi ?
 megawatts power project indonesia , built consortium headed mission energy us , produce ?
 sexiest women world ?
 day known the `` national day prayer '' ?
 i photograph professor randolph quirk ?
 supreme god germanic religion ?
 who 's played games new york yankees ?
 tv character said ; `` days , alice , pow , right kisser '' ?
 indian prime minister beating mrs. gandhi 1977 election ?
 chilean president killed 1973 coup d 'etat ?
 einstein 's iq ?
 russian astronaut spacewalk .
 names famous husband-and-wife acting team lunt fontanne ?
 real fruit juices hawaiian punch ?
 principal river ireland ?
 lake source white nile ?
 does poodle weigh ?
 points backgammon board ?
 frames does disk camera shoot ?
 did theo rousseau paint the `` forest fontaine '' ?
 people captain america ?
 president meant for , placed in , crypt beneath capital 's rotunda ?
 rivers europe ?
 won superbowl in ?
 year gandhi assassinated ?
 time takes typist type screenplay 100 pages long ?
 hungarian cardinal state prisoner refugee u.s. embassy 1956-1971 ?
 pairs wings does tsetse fly have ?
 what 's fifth-largest country world ?
 film `` jaws '' year ?
 directed citizen kane ?
 nickname famous flyer mistakenly flew ireland instead los angeles ?
 special bear 's creator born january 18 , 1779 ?
 country lund ?
 capital seattle ?
 italian leader lifelong fear evil eye ?
 city florida sea world in ?
 said : `` contemptible scoundrel stole cork lunch ? ''
 president kissed queen mother lips ?
 does tennis star stefan edberg come from ?
 continent pushes executive committee mountain range ?
 al capone 's nickname ?
 author famous fairy tale `` snow white seven dwarfs '' ?
 largest city germany ?
 park contains firehole river fairy falls ?
 what 's largest island west indies ?
 new england state carries telephone area code 27 ?
 county eckley colorado ?
 does cost tree planted dialing , 900 , 740-tree ?
 long hermit crabs live ?
 city hosted winter olympics asia ?
 month born birthstone sardonyx ?
 harvey wallbanger drink ?
 money person fined having dog beach ?
 desert country borders saudi arabia , iraq persian gulf ?
 american actress called a `` vamp '' ?
 date did man land moon ?
 headquarters eli lilly ?
 web servers there ?
 trees paper making year ?
 i info research oilseeds genetics ?
 far universe ?
 did mayan indians live ?
 poe born ?
 warmup pitches does reliever coming baseball game ?
 did dylan thomas die ?
 fig newtons pound ?
 premier china ?
 cigar-chewing comedian observed : `` you 'old woman feel '' ?
 bones human hand ?
 president vichy france ?
 kidnaping termed crime century ?
 tallest building america 1922 ?
 buxom blonde appeared cover 5 magazines ?
 far phoenix blythe ?
 new hampshire hamlet rises early vote u.s. presidential elections ?
 people watch network television ?
 broke sound barrier ?
 horses polo team ?
 grimace mayor mccheese live ?
 long does hike entire appalachian trail ?
 role fruits play survival plants ?
 world championship sled dog race held february ?
 pulitzer prize-winning novelist ran mayor new york city ?
 times nickel-cadmium rechargeable battery recharged ?
 seats does batmobile sport ?
 cards dealt player gin rummy ?
 time year people fly ?
 scrooge 's dead partner dickens 's christmas carol ?
 thai new year ?
 recorded 1957 hit tammy ?
 mia farrow 's mother ?
 far human eye see ?
 time year air travel ?
 g7 group nations formed ?
 baseball player walked times ?
 famous male vocalist composer opera hansel gretel ?
 did canonize bible ?
 president serve nonconsecutive terms ?
 percentage world tornados touch us ?
 labor leader seen parking lot michigan restaurant ?
 did carolingian period begin ?
 reports weather the `` good morning america '' television show ?
 emperors roman empire ?
 of `` muppets '' creator ?
 sent brief message `` i came , i saw , i conquered '' ?
 u.s. air force general led bombing raid tokyo ?
 u.s. vice-president said : `` newspapers dispose garbage printing it '' ?
 watergate special prosecutor , later fired nixon ?
 day john f jackie kennedy married ?
 won pulitzer prize novel caine mutiny ?
 corpus callosum ?
 portrayed sherlock holmes 14 films 1939 1946 ?
 superman needs away all , does go ?
 old singer freedy johnston ?
 pop singer song theme song brand catsup ?
 claimed world 's perfectly-developed man ?
 i cotton textiles importer details ?
 did spain korea start ambassadorial relations ?
 grooves dime 's edge ?
 canal does thatcher ferry bridge span ?
 american won world grand prix driving championship 1978 ?
 chances pregnacy penis does penetrate vagina ?
 i lesson plan teaching metric conversion american standard ?
 female figure skater .
 long a $ savings bond mature ?
 average cost years medical school ?
 spears kenya 's flag ?
 did george jungle live ?
 what 's men 's par 455-yard golf hole ?
 percentage american men alcoholic ?
 dialing , 900 , 740-tree tree planted cost much ?
 south korea , american soldiers there ?
 portrayed carl bernstein president 's men ?
 numbers fit fermont 's theorem ?
 tiny tim 's father ?
 bonnie blue butler 's father ?
 americans hiv ?
 i information foreclosure properties internet ?
 antichrist ?
 latin american country largest ?
 residence scottish kings edinburgh ?
 teats does female goat sport ?
 tall kilamanjaro ?
 lawyer represented randy steven craft ?
 country buys 25 percent world 's tea exports ?
 country origin band creeps ?
 following celebrities born philadelphia ?
 number american soldiers deployed south korea ?
 biggest bell ?
 estimated total u.s. whitetail deer population ?
 wrote farmer 's almanac ?
 number 12 o 'clock dartboard ?
 cnn owned whom ?
 country offered albert einstein presidency 1952 ?
 15th century fire-and-brimstone monk gained control florence ended burnt stake ?
 french leader sold louisiana united states ?
 bay sparkles miami , florida ?
 miles veins circulatory system ?
 famed river flows bagdad ?
 prime minister japan ?
 player squats average 3 times baseball doubleheader ?
 what 's common nursery rhymes ?
 many `` no '' answers what 's line ? panel allowed ?
 fine having dog beach ?
 wrote book , `` song solomon '' ?
 information religion health , brain nutrition ?
 ranger yogi bear .
 president spanish government ?
 holds career record major league home runs ?
 following actors worked new york 's yiddish theater ?
 invented stethoscope ?
 star generals they ?
 did nixon die ?
 comedian hit tv screen 1951 nbc afternoon time ernie ?
 members california congressional delegation ?
 erupts hour yellowstone national park ?
 country contains highest point south america ?
 arnold palmer 's fans called ?
 retired 755 home runs credit ?
 constellation represents hunter club shield ?
 developed potlatch ?
 long did shea gould practice law los angeles ?
 what 's perfect score gymnastics exercise ?
 age did rossini stop writing opera ?
 russian seaport meaning `` lord east '' ?
 actress daughters john mills .
 old gene siskel ?
 rocky mountain ridge separates north america 's eastward westward-flowing rivers ?
 actress bette davis said wished looked like ?
 portrayed cowardly lion wizard oz ?
 gate opened east west berlin ?
 king england ?
 calories soy sauce ?
 killed kurt cobain ?
 created monster mary shelley 's novel frankenstein ?
 what 's farthest planet sun ?
 big galaxy diameter ?
 woman fertile ?
 son 15-year-old mexican girl half-irish father world 's famous greek ?
 man return space ?
 gave abbie hoffman dose lsd ?
 4-foot-9 actress 1984 performer win oscar playing character opposite sex ?
 shot billy kid ?
 mormon leader said 27 wives ?
 what 's hotel indianapolis ?
 people tucson ?
 melbourne ?
 did bush compare saddam hussein ?
 country mikhail gorbachev leader of ?
 recommended weight 15 year-old male 5 , 6 ?
 pillar dutch renaissance painted aristotle contemplating bust homer ?
 largest county size massachusetts ?
 brilliant british economist creation ?
 played sally rogers dick van dyke show ?
 mythical figure carries hourglass scythe ?
 canadian 1967 dollar gold coin worth ?
 natural attractions draw visitors united states ?
 years did sleeping beauty sleep ?
 long does body restore blood donate blood ?
 river runs liverpool ?
 famous british actor lost voice operation 1966 ?
 country kim philby really working for ?
 country hitler chancellor of ?
 rona barrett 's married name ?
 years make lustrum ?
 mathematician won noble prize literature 1950 ?
 glamorous actress close friend dick tracy ?
 old italian artist maurizio pellegrin ?
 president hit jogging paths enhance athletic image and , sporting no. 39 , collapsed road race ?
 north american city visit cleopatra 's needle ?
 nfl established ?
 i ask expert site ?
 writer-journalist mark describing colorful broadway underworld characters ?
 u.s. state lowest highest elevation 6 feet ?
 baseball great plugged mr. coffee ?
 who 's baby sweet pea popeye cartoon ?
 mile high stadium ?
 city contains district hell 's kitchen ?
 english physician born january 18 , 1779 went create important inventions ?
 did arthur h. bremer try assassinate 15 , 1972 ?
 fast spacecraft travel escape earth 's gravity ?
 apostle taylor caldwell 's great lion god ?
 rings five-zone archery target ?
 great lakes entirely u.s. territory ?
 u.s. state sagebrush state flower ?
 what 's comic strip photographer peter parker 's secret identity ?
 nationality pope john paul ii ?
 great educational resources parents teachers ?
 israeli athletes killed munich olympics ?
 richard nixon born ?
 new york city landmark 168 steps crown ?
 bulls basketball team based ?
 recomended age switch child crib bed ?
 rockefeller called `` jdr3 '' ?
 sun closest earth ?
 average hours per months spent online aol users ?
 did friz freleng add warner bros. cartoon ranks ?
 shakespeare 's moorish general ?
 what 's second-highest mountain world ?
 country erich honecker leader of ?
 japanese cities spelled letters k , o , o , t y ?
 taught matt murdock use extraordinary abilities marvel comics ?
 did wile e. coyote devices ?
 far away moon ?
 famous film tv cowboy lent fast food chain ?
 famously rode warn people massachusetts british coming ?
 commanded french forces battle orleans ?
 individual contact lens tested burned entire surface eye new ?
 countries does mont blanc tunnel join ?
 did amtrak begin operations ?
 bones human hand ?
 chemical elements there ?
 eastern state sprouted commercial nuclear power plant u.s. ?
 populated countries world ?
 led opposition konrad adenauer chancellor germany ?
 current population countries : france , spain , italy , greece , austria , germany , switzerland , netherlands ?
 youngest age boy girl orgasm ?
 largest office block world ?
 turned touched gold ?
 plays shortstop charlie brown 's baseball team ?
 country did romans hibernia ?
 famous food editor new york times ?
 dogs pull sled iditarod ?
 long does cocaine stay system ?
 countries fought years ' war ?
 u.s. president reinstate selective service registration ?
 dates does running bulls occur pamplona , spain ?
 lawyer represented randy steven craft ?
 actress 's autobiography titled shelley : known shirley ?
 colors 1940s collectible called donald duck rubber boat ?
 lived shores gitchee gumee river ?
 country hit year 2 first ?
 section manager guidance control systems jpl ?
 goldfinger 's name ?
 square geographical center london ?
 following famous people does paint hobby ?
 populated city world ?
 pitchers occupy shelf crouching woman edgar degas 's 1886 painting tub ?
 cost drugs used tuberculosis treatments ?
 did victor hugo spend exile ?
 i tour new york stock exchange ?
 airline schools u.s. ?
 u.s. general died december 1 , 1945 , jeep collided truck ?
 major nazi leaders went trial war nuremberg ?
 state did helen keller home ?
 director movie `` jaws '' ?
 year etched gold medal excellence paris exposition depicted campbell 's tomato soup ?
 country 's royal house bourbon-parma ?
 portrayed w.c. fields film w.c. fields me ?
 money does sultan brunei have ?
 country visit ski dolomites ?
 month 's weekend monterey jazz festival held on ?
 built successful stern wheel steamboat ?
 hitler 's minister propaganda ?
 doctor successfully transplant liver ?
 african capital named u.s. president ?
 mediterranean island home club med ?
 venus flytrap ?
 john d. rockefeller born ?
 building built 18 contains 327 miles book shelves ?
 lawyer randy steven craft ?
 reputed greatest maker violins ?
 future soviet dictator training priest got turned marxism ?
 long does james bond like eggs boiled ?
 u.s. city 's skyline boasts gateway arch ?
 belize located ?
 sued dannon yougurt company using character named ron raider promotion ?
 jockey ride triple crown winners ?
 wrote brave new world ?
 state does charles robb represent ?
 people taller 7 feet ?
 wrote unsafe speed ?
 islands make antigua ?
 u.s. state boasts stone mountain , world 's largest mass exposed granite ?
 british commander surrendered george washington yorktown 1781 ?
 created world wide web , www ?
 president garmat u.s.a ?
 leaders byzantine empire ?
 president appoint woman head cabinet ?
 southeast asian country wang river joining ping river tak ?
 italian city 155 leonardo da vinci , michaelangelo , machiavelli working in ?
 states lottery ?
 largest city chile , south america ?
 ratio children ages watch ` simpsons ' ?
 cities utah ?
 visitors vatican year ?
 population mexico ?
 best online games site ?
 century did art 's romantic period begin in ?
 spaces follow period end sentence ?
 year berlin wall erected ?
 weight teaspoon matter black hole ?
 approximate weight teaspoon matter black hole ?
 avenue original saks department store located ?
 does song goes place ?
 zoo u.s. ?
 far yaroslavl moscow ?
 present pope named ?
 nebbish marvel 's official mascot ?
 bytes terabyte ?
 sang song `` hooked feeling '' dancing baby episode of `` ally mcbeal '' ?
 approximately does teaspoon matter weigh black hole ?
 country 's flag field green ?
 columbia pictures head forged actor cliff robertson 's a $1 , 000 check ?
 dondi 's adoptive grandfather .
 congress vienna ?
 folic acid pregnant woman day ?
 year automobile manufactured ?
 colonies did germany world war i ?
 states a `` lemon law '' new automobiles ?
 biography maurice zolotow titled shooting star ?
 movie groundshog day character played andie macdowell ?
 old benny carter ?
 i read chiang kai-shek ?
 country borders others ?
 river runs colorado , kansas , oklahoma ?
 american citizen awarded albert medal society arts ?
 doctor synonymous footwear foot care ?
 shoe sizes o 'neal , jordan , mutombo , nba players ?
 founded unification church ?
 zeros trillion ?
 statistics drunken drivers maryland ?
 ill-fated american general dragged bull terrier named willie world war ii ?
 what 's score forfeited baseball game ?
 does tuberculosis come from ?
 invented lawnmower ?
 i lyrics r&b ?
 u.s. senator played basketball new york knicks ?
 li 'l abner 's name ?
 liberty bells been ?
 countries separated bering strait ?
 jackson pollock nationality ?
 architect originated glass house designed chicago federal center philosophy of `` more , '' produced plans forerunner california ranch house ?
 russians landed moon ?
 franklin d. roosevelt stricken polio ?
 internet i chemicals importers ?
 country put second woman space ?
 shared new york city apartment roger maris year hit 61 home runs ?
 prison ossining , new york ?
 country declared one-fifth territory off-limits russians ?
 director intergovernmental affairs san diego county ?
 hall fame pitcher started world series games new york yankees 1962 ?
 longest river united states ?
 river windsor castle on ?
 natchitoches , louisiana ?
 greek god ?
 what 's capital taiwan ?
 starting salary beginning lawyers ?
 man 's killed duel aaron burr ?
 california gas tax year 2000 ?
 city served tempelhol airport ?
 directed woody woodpecker cartoon ?
 historical figures , fought famous battle , food named them ?
 united states people live longest ?
 country 1998 suicides regardless population size ?
 price tuberculosis drugs ?
 minimum wage ?
 people lived nebraska mid 1900s ?
 year janet jackson 's album released ?
 heroine in `` scruples '' ?
 movies drew barrymore in ?
 tv character sired horse named thunder ?
 planet ewoks live on ?
 baseball player known charley hustle ?
 killed lee harvey oswald ?
 invented fax machine ?
 wide atlantic ocean ?
 wrote poem starts `` i love lips they 'wet wine red warm desire '' ?
 singer 's theme song moon comes mountain ?
 meters mile ?
 soldiers died world war ii ?
 rocky 's bullwinkle 's ever-lost friend ?
 thought he 'd poem lovely tree ?
 created `` muppets '' ?
 celestial body diameter 864 , 000 miles ?
 major gods hinduism .
 country borders denmark south ?
 biochemists won nobel prize medicine 1992 ?
 answers questions ?
 neurons human brain ?
 city is . kdge radio located in ?
 city bobby kennedy assassinated in ?
 london museum features chamber horrors ?
 city served mccarren airport ?
 lakes earth ?
 considered role luke skywalker george lucas casting star wars ?
 long does fly live ?
 pounds stone ?
 folic acid expectant mother daily ?
 king signed magna carta ?
 miles frankfurt , germany salzburg , austria ?
 chairs shown vincent van gogh 's 188 work artist 's room arles ?
 state gulf mexico lowest point feet sea level ?
 i case americans disabilities act 199 ?
 leader india ?
 prophet connected dead sea ?
 chances pregnacy penis does penetrate vagina ?
 keck telescope ?
 apartments saint john , new brunswick ?
 wrote `` pit pendulum '' ?
 country did mau mau uprising place in ?
 good medical sites information ?
 incredible hulk reality ?
 month did edmund fitzgerald sink ?
 presidents mexico indonesia ?
 played al jolson jolson story ?
 196 summer olympics held ?
 los vegas ?
 country honecker lived in .
 u.s. state finger lakes in ?
 safest american cities pedestrians ?
 tv detective did craig stevens play ?
 i picture blue meanie ?
 u.s. state does continental divide leave enter canada ?
 past 8 years mvp players nhl been ?
 played emperor palpatine star wars ?
 what 's wilkes plantation gone wind ?
 statistical abstract united states online ?
 brandenburg gate berlin built ?
 husbands included conrad hilton jr. , michael wilding ?
 king alley oop 's home moo ?
 silver production manufactured independent silversmiths ?
 percentage silver production independent silversmiths ?
 date boxing day ?
 inches tall stuart little birth ?
 stradivarius violins made ?
 invented stock ticker 1870 ?
 einstein 's birthplace ?
 century 's setting tv 's adventures robin hood ?
 wrote bible ?
 debts did qintex group leave ?
 u.s. president buried washington , d.c. ?
 austerlitz victor hugo subway stops ?
 did ty cobb grow up ?
 per-capita income colombia , south america ?
 types cheese france ?
 many `` eyes '' does coconut have ?
 websites world ?
 points disk center hole worth crokinole ?
 general direction does journey world 80 days proceed in ?
 lawyer represented randy craft , name ?
 new england 's highest mountain ?
 black head coach major league pro sports team ?
 year did war 1812 begin ?
 verses bible ?
 robust u.s. president imported instructor seeing judo match ?
 nation edessa located nowadays ?
 country developing magnetic levitation railway system ?
 seven digits follow area code number long distance information ?
 player 's played nose tackle eagles super bowl xv ?
 largest dam world ?
 held endurance record women pilots 1929 ?
 independent silversmith 's account percentage silver production ?
 part world mozambique ?
 woody woodpecker 's niece nephew ?
 created maudie frickett ?
 english circumnavigator globe ?
 salary u.s. representative ?
 man-waterways 1.76 miles long ?
 liberated 19th century sicily naples ?
 river strasbourg built ?
 what 's maximum length , inches , baseman 's glove ?
 country located 13 degrees north latitude 10 degrees east longitude ?
 busiest ports world ?
 pig population world ?
 city does mccarren airport serve ?
 number goals scored single team nhl hockey game ?
 actor tattoo right wrist reading scotland forever ?
 dollars day did arthur frommer say europe 1968 ?
 appointed chair federal reserve ?
 i up-to-date coastal ocean surface temperature information , preferably north america caribbean ?
 cities dicken 's `` tale cities '' ?
 english queen fingers hand ?
 river runs liverpool ?
 did mount st. helens erupt ?
 child labor abolished ?
 three-letter permutations letters : c ?
 time year air travel heaviest ?
 what 's longest river canada ?
 tennis player nickname `` nasty '' ?
 non-conformist abstract painter dubbed jack dripper time ?
 furlongs mile-and-a-quarter recetrack ?
 millimeters mile ?
 big baby bald eagle ?
 great britain population 1699-172 ?
 mountain range marks border france spain ?
 founded modern theory probability ?
 people did randy craft murder ?
 who 's king swing ?
 bestselling modern poet co-founder famous city lights bookshop san francisco ?
 south vietnamese president assassinated generals 1963 ?
 old old child talking ?
 hoover dam constructed ?
 tenths earth 's surface lie water ?
 pennsylvania state income tax rate ?
 won 1968 california democratic primary ?
 spoke word mel brooks 's silent movie ?
 thatcher 's name ?
 russian astronaut walk space ?
 wrote ` dubliners ' ?
 life expectancy elephant ?
 malaysia 's 43rd prime minister ?
 founded aerodynamics laboratory 1912 ?
 fare cost round trip new york london concorde ?
 said `` liberty death '' ?
 location mccarren airport ?
 california state gas tax rise year 2000 ?
 powerful white trader conrad 's `` heart darkness '' ?
 long border canada 48 conterminous states ?
 largest island mediterranean sea ?
 joe namath 's contract worth ?
 rider college ?
 chop suey invented ?
 does dew come from ?
 old lucille ball show `` i love lucy '' premiered ?
 landmark italian restaurant 239 west 48th street , new york city ?
 points bullseye worth darts ?
 mythology websites ?
 nationality ileana cotrubas ?
 population kansas ?
 invented pull-tab opener cans ?
 deranged super-criminal otto octavius uses ?
 acceptance speech 3 minutes prompted time limit academy award thank-yous ?
 coca cola drunk day world ?
 did world come from ?
 island group guadalcanal part of ?
 declared : `` i think i 'll milk elk '' ?
 e-commerce companies started day ?
 what 's east european country tied ruble ?
 judy garland 's date birth ?
 ku klux klan member won elected office u.s. ?
 length border ukraine russia ?
 country highest arson rate ?
 actor played sam movie casablanca ?
 city does orly airport serve ?
 did woodstock place ?
 average time kiss somene ?
 oil-producing countries world ?
 new orleans d.a. claimed : `` staff i solved assassination weeks ago '' ?
 rider college ?
 caffeine 16 oz cup coffee ?
 real writer ross macdonald , creator hero lew archer ?
 big australia ?
 countries auto thefts ?
 makes chicken `` finger lickin '' good ?
 director portrayed commandant pow camp 1953 's stalag 17 ?
 names jacques cousteau 's sons ?
 accompanied space ghost missions ?
 world war ii leader declared : `` blow struck '' ?
 israel 's prime minister ?
 country boasts ismail 's palace palace king farouk ?
 i ride steam locomotive ?
 virtual desk reference ?
 loud thunder ?
 california governor said : `` inaction highest form action '' ?
 person study stars ?
 author book , `` iron lady : biography margaret thatcher '' ?
 black-and-white 1-cent stamp worth , thomas jefferson it ?
 probability 2 25 people birthday ?
 bridge river kwai ?
 people did united nations commit help restore order distribute humanitarian relief somalia september 1992 ?
 elephants left earth ?
 did doris day mean said : `` i ernie he 's certainly rock '' ?
 practical commercial typewriter marketed ?
 scandinavian country covers 173 , 732 square miles ?
 long earth mars ?
 i mailing lists ?
 city boasts billingsgate fishmarket ?
 owner cnn ?
 long oj simpson trial ?
 country lies directly south detroit ?
 did surfing originate ?
 tallest mountain ?
 what 's maximum number clubs golfer use round ?
 different countries export coffee ?
 continents there ?
 knighted actor narrates tv 's world war ?
 football coach 's story told movie run daylight ?
 did chernobyl nuclear accident occur ?
 did maya people live ?
 randy craft 's lawyer ?
 kosovo province country ?
 new england state covers 5.9 square miles ?
 hitler came power germany year ?
 markets spaghetti-o 's ?
 haversian canals ?
 people die tuberculosis year ?
 co-starred julie andrews mary poppins ?
 i status tax return ?
 horsepower shuttle boosters ?
 general manuel noriega ousted leader panama turned u.s. authorities ?
 years bad luck follow breaking mirror ?
 kentucky horse park ?
 argentine boxer shot dead outside nevada brothel may ?
 country boasts cars per mile road ?
 jimmy olsen 's name ?
 people died tuberculosis ?
 days does typical mayfly live ?
 famous new york city mayor wrote hit song , `` love december may ? ''
 russian city used called st. petersburg petrograd ?
 votes congress dissented 1941 declaration war japan ?
 pia zadora 's millionaire husband mentor ?
 u.s. president breed mules ?
 astronomer-architect designed present st. paul 's cathedral london ?
 feminist wrote sexual politics flying ?
 american world chess champion ?
 woman executed england ?
 school districts united states ?
 long did paris commune hold rest france ?
 iron body ?
 did thatcher prime minister ?
 good fractal web sites ?
 country imposed berlin blockade 1948 ?
 drugs treat tuberculosis cost ?
 kind habitat does scorpion live in ?
 logarithmic scales slide rule ?
 webster university ?
 hot oven making peachy oat muffins ?
 old britney spears ?
 i piano music jamiroquai song everyday midi ?
 country 's capital formed pesth buda merged ?
 town setting music man ?
 i scientific data , `` research papers , '' textile engineering ?
 people die snakebite poisoning u.s. per year ?
 high city denver ?
 international olympic committee chairman 1936 summer games ?
 florida admitted union ?
 times year does american gourd society publish gourd ?
 i read abraham lincoln ?
 increase california gas tax 2000 ?
 far longest hole 1 golf course did happen ?
 appointments secretary richard nixon went jail ?
 released internet worm late 1980s ?
 american captured plane went syrian-held lebanon ?
 basketball player credited 23 , 924 rebounds ?
 big normal size penis 15-year-old ?
 american soldiers remain unaccounted vietnam war ?
 i tape book help say , write understand japanese ?
 cables support main span golden gate bridge ?
 did manchester united spend players 1993 ?
 birthplace edgar allen poe ?
 american sergeant lost hands combat world war ii went act single movie won oscars ?
 invented fountain ?
 room did w.c. fields library in ?
 batman character tools batcycle ?
 i schematics windshield wiper mechanism ?
 sherlock holmes 's archenemy ?
 is `` global schoolhouse '' ?
 years schooling highschool does neurosurgeon ?
 volcano showers ash sicily ?
 u.s. headquarters procter & gamble ?
 did mount st. helen major eruption ?
 what 's tom sawyer 's aunt lives ?
 member micronauts spent 1 years traveling microverse marvel comics ?
 doctor claimed 1946 book : `` thing bad boy '' ?
 long l.l. cool j. married ?
 did knight 's armor weigh ?
 comedian created punch-drunk pugilist named cauliflower mcpugg ?
 tall prince charles ?
 weight air ?
 capital uruguay ?
 long world 's largest ship , meters ?
 tall replica matterhorn disneyland ?
 largest deserts world ?
 qatar ?
 richest state u.s. ?
 prime minister norway ?
 actress starred in `` lion winter '' ?
 won rugby world cup in ?
 times pitcher , warren spahn , 20-game winner 21 major league seasons ?
 pins used skittles ?
 california bridge don brown cross , 27 , 1937 ?
 famous sister actress olivia havilland ?
 german president pressured appointing hitler chancellor 1933 ?
 people killed wars , armed conflicts ?
 largest city world declare martial law 1989 ?
 thomas edison museum ?
 minimum wage ?
 highest mountain africa ?
 mountain range extends gulf st. lawrence alabama ?
 types lemurs there ?
 famous coach said `` can 't beat 'em alley , can 't beat 'em ice '' ?
 onetime member ronald reagan 's cabinet called federal policy indians `` example failure socialism '' ?
 claws lobster called pistol lost ?
 darth vader 's son ?
 invented process make condensed milk ?
 largest city connecticut ?
 population united states ?
 actor actress movies ?
 hawaii ?
 i free piano scores popular music ?
 did american civil war end ?
 country largest diamond producer ?
 long does moon revolve earth ?
 protects dc comics ' realm dreams ?
 did vesuvius erupt ?
 did supercontinent pangaea break up ?
 created harry lime ?
 president cleveland 's wife ?
 what 's capital monaco ?
 englishmen weigh in ?
 big electoral college ?
 invented moog synthesizer ?
 makes the `` die hard '' car battery ?
 long does travel tokyo niigata ?
 state filenes store located in ?
 starting salary radiographer ?
 dolly parton 's rarely seen husband ?
 official `` zero '' sea level ?
 old london come-was : `` buy sweet lavender '' ?
 wrote lyrics porgy bess ?
 chapter gone wind rhett butler leaving scarlett o 'hara ?
 american actors nominated best actor oscar 1983 ?
 did lucelly garcia , ambassador columbia honduras , die ?
 long longest sneezing attack ?
 seafaring southern tip south america ?
 new york yankee pitchers swapped wives families ?
 did nixon visit china ?
 what 's month gregorian calendar ?
 country owns corsica ?
 queen bees reign hive ?
 i world atlas map online charge ?
 chapter bible verses ?
 ocean did titanic sink in ?
 year wall built ?
 king henry viii 's wives .
 southwestern state dubbed silver state ?
 country did allies invade world war ii 's operation avalanche ?
 famed river hernando soto european see ?
 christ born ?
 quality drinks begin ?
 french literary charcter chiefly famous enormous nose ?
 country surrounds san marino , world 's smallest republic ?
 killed martin luther king ?
 owns rights tv program ?
 invented astroturf ?
 season does hiemal activity normally place in ?
 direction best surfing beaches face ?
 world record longest hair ?
 democratic prankster waved train station richard nixon spoke caboose ?
 california bay 's largest island angel island ?
 african leader held country 's boxing title years ?
 california bridge don brown cross , 27 , 1937 ?
 does ton cement cost ?
 2th-century american poet wrote four-volume biography abraham lincoln ?
 oldest living thing earth ?
 stopped making diary entries 31 , 1669 , thought going blind ?
 journalist walden puddle ?
 sides does obelisk have ?
 woman pitcher struck ted williams hank aaron ?
 year cannon invented ?
 languages does pope speak ?
 bay divides maryland 's eastern western shores ?
 real singer , madonna ?
 frenchman claimed following ? god did exist , necessary invent him . ''
 woman space ?
 discovered imaginary numbers ?
 does voices simpsons ?
 feet high hurdle runner 's steeplechase water jump ?
 calories glass water ?
 richest person world , owning business ?
 chemical reactivity neon ?
 i info alexander mackenzie ?
 georgia town did scarlett o 'hara condemn pushy people ?
 countries watch mtv europe ?
 airport code los angeles international ?
 did real st. nicholas live ?
 eyes does bat have ?
 second man walk moon ?
 did dikembe mutombo college ?
 author appointed u.s. ambassador spain 1842 ?
 body water does yukon river into ?
 westview high 's band director funky winkerbean ?
 mark mcgwire 's e-mail address ?
 maids milking ?
 kentucky horse park located near city ?
 geological time live in ?
 massive north korean nuclear complex located ?
 microsoft 's corporate headquarters located ?
 china 's nuclear test ?
 singer 's hit song inspired dolly parton stallone movie rhinestone ?
 person fined having dog beach ?
 asian gulf destroyers maddox c turner joy shot in ?
 mao , chinese leader 's , name ?
 dick clark 's birthday ?
 director international group called human genome organization , hugo , trying coordinate gene-mapping research worldwide ?
 character narrates treasure island ?
 starred charlie chaplin modern times great dictator ?
 seven digits follow area code number long distance information ?
 catch-22 character elected mayor half dozen italian cities ?
 does uncle duke 's girl friend , honey , room with ?
 called surrender , american general replied , `` sir , i begun fight . '' ?
 bar-code invented ?
 relative leo tolstoy translated war peace times ?
 cards player dealt contract bridge ?
 second person wear iron man 's armor ?
 director editor movie big starring tom hanks ?
 homelite inc. home page ?
 old stevie wonder signed motown records ?
 won gold medals skiing olympic games calgary ?
 year avery dennison company founded ?
 does u.s. rank world countries area ?
 names seas world ocean drain into ?
 highest mountain .
 island home statues called mauis ?
 pythagoras born ?
 price aaa 's liability auto insurance ?
 richest people world ?
 leader brunei ?
 capital italy ?
 greatest hiking web site ?
 population arcadia , florida ?
 head writers smothers brothers comedy hour ?
 portrayed prewett eternity ?
 people live cities ?
 high mountain called mountain ?
 scottish poet penned mouse louse ?
 inventor silly putty ?
 ocean surrounds madeira islands ?
 famous communist leader died mexico city ?
 capital cities large countries occupy iberian peninsula europe ?
 mines falklands war ended ?
 gallons water niagra falls second ?
 woman run mile 4 36893 minutes ?
 copies album sold gold album ?
 awarded flying fickle finger fate ?
 sinclair lewis ' `` main street , '' typical american town ?
 largest city texas ?
 future deer hunter portrayed annie hall 's neurotic brother , duane ?
 i map prussia internet ?
 richest countries world ?
 mccarren airport ?
 boy names u.s. ?
 tiles did space shuttle columbia lose second flight ?
 teaspoons make tablespoon ?
 lyricist composer gilbert sullivan ?
 lawyer randy craft ?
 3rd president united states ?
 dick tracy 's children .
 fraction beaver 's life spent swimming ?
 gas taxed california year 2000 ?
 gave king arthur round table ?
 state united states covers largest area ?
 president u.s. 1789 ?
 wrote `` scarlet letter '' ?
 did sara jane moore try assassinate ?
 dots make symbol for `` because '' ?
 king signed magna carta ?
 child left doorstep beginning gasoline alley .
 zip codes u.s. ?
 long does milky way galaxy make revolution ?
 people pets ?
 web sites linked report genesis eldercare ?
 long does different materials decompose ?
 colors rainbow ?
 darth vader 's son named ?
 british female pop singing star 1960s early 1970s child actress 1940s and '50s ?
 mccarren airport located ?
 part britain comprises highlands , central lowlands , southern uplands ?
 marx brothers there ?
 tall matterhorn ?
 country proud claim volcano national park ?
 babe ruth born ?
 portrayed field marshal erwin rommel desert fox ?
 direction baseball pitchers pitch toward ?
 beanie baby sites there ?
 diamonds mined ?
 money did marcos steal country ?
 makes the `` cross-your-heart bra '' ?
 archie bunker 's son-in-law ?
 president chief justice presidency ?
 innings constitute official baseball game ?
 city newspaper called plain dealer ?
 u.s. state boasts leif ericson park ?
 flavors does baskin & robbins offer ?
 chief engineer starship enterprise ?
 mayor tv appearances asked join aftra 1984 ?
 miles k run ?
 beethoven born ?
 sexy celebrity ?
 detective lives punchbowl hill 11 children ?
 did ukulele originate ?
 rotary engines used whom ?
 portrayed title character film day jackal ?
 gulf sweden finland ?
 x-man die battle ?
 president ghana ?
 countries andorra nestled between ?
 long ago roe vs. wade decision supreme court ?
 largest mountain ranges continental united states ?
 size student body university massachusetts amherst ?
 starred movie war worlds ?
 different kinds ice cream there ?
 actor , greatest fame tv , father triplets ?
 homelite inc. home page ?
 columbia tristar 's phone number ?
 tesla born ?
 shot lee harvey oswald ?
 did jaco pastorius die ?
 what 's common street america ?
 5 tallest buildings world ?
 portrayed renaud casablanca ?
 country problems hooligans ?
 planet did percival lovell discover ?
 brain cells replaced ?
 did mercury spend advertising 1993 ?
 country contains westernmost point south america ?
 what 's american dollar equivalent 8 pounds u.k. ?
 year did charles dicken die ?
 did americans leave vietnam ?
 famed clown appeared early howdy doody insisted clarabell real clown ?
 people died estonia sank 1994 ?
 southern california town named character famous edgar rice burroughs ?
 colors rainbow ?
 habitat chickadee ?
 city 's kickoff point climbs mount everest ?
 average salary paleontologist ?
 largest post office building world ?
 currently popular singer world ?
 endangered species world ?
 large u.s. city highest murder rate 1988 ?
 bandleader mentor ella fitzgerald cowrote `` a_tisket , a-tasket '' ?
 invented basketball ?
 major eruption mount st. helens ?
 hockey player did ronald reagan joke swap texas for ?
 president buried ancestral home overlooking hudson river hyde park , new york ?
 did barbie doll sell 1959 ?
 country general douglas mcarthur recalled president truman ?
 latitude longitude el paso , texas ?
 head injuries recreational ice skating year ?
 normal human pregnancy lasts months ?
 domesticated wild turkey ?
 country does ileana cotrubas come from ?
 european countries joined gran san bernardo pass ?
 helicopter pilot shot north korea ?
 designer shoe spawned millions plastic imitations , known as ` jellies ' .
 olive oyl 's brother ?
 king boycotted prince charles 's wedding ?
 nickname model leslie hornby ?
 taj mahal ?
 139 papal court forced rome where ?
 day week ?
 capital built monument circle contains soldiers sailors monument ?
 sub-saharan africa ?
 famed wall supports badaling turret ?
 portrayed fatman television show , `` jake fatman '' ?
 good science sites internet ?
 woman time 's man year 1952 ?
 wrote ugly duckling ?
 designed london bridge ?
 miles tel aviv , israel memphis , tennessee ?
 flavors ice cream does howard johnson 's have ?
 busiest amtrak rail stations u.s. ?
 freckles does howdy doody face ?
 considered father psychology ?
 tall animated king kong ?
 population japan ?
 largest concentration camp world war ii ?
 did alaska cost bought russia ?
 events make decathlon ?
 bodies visited spacecraft ?
 succeeded nikita khrushchev secretary communist party ?
 chosen black chairman military joint chiefs staff ?
 lady great gatsby pines for ?
 bails cricket wicket ?
 city martin luther king jr. assassinated in ?
 celebrity couple , going divorce , divided toilet paper equal piles ?
 where 's bernini-bristol hotel ?
 said `` contemptible scoundrel stole cork lunch ? ''
 capital kosovo ?
 letters appear numbers 2 9 telephone dial ?
 cities population million ?
 minimum wage 1991 ?
 country biggest producer tungsten ?
 jimmy buffett concert coming e center camden nj ?
 european country abandoned postage stamps 1923 printing cost face value ?
 1st u.s. president ?
 did varian associates try sell vacuum products division boc group for ?
 people hike ?
 played maria film west story ?
 bestowed great power captain britain ?
 nationality sicilian ?
 common boy 's girl 's name ?
 accused trial century , opened janurary 1 , 1935 ?
 oldest building united states ?
 people died south carolina highways 1998 ?
 president nixon 's birthdate ?
 people died vietnam war ?
 year did montana state ?
 ussr dissolved ?
 japanese city called edo ?
 did seven mules block for ?
 what 's actress starred movie , `` silence lambs '' ?
 one 's corpus callosum found ?
 did napolean defeat jena auerstadt ?
 british prime minister u.s. president seventh cousins once-removed ?
 objects orbit earth ?
 what 's oldest capital city americas ?
 location edinburgh , scotland ?
 muscles does average adult use going walk ?
 long live community vote ?
 titanic 's captain ?
 heroine in `` scruples '' ?
 big chappellet vineyard ?
 jackson pollock native country ?
 wrote godfather ?
 frequency vhf ?
 island target u.s. 's operation urgent fury ?
 following tv newsmen rhodes scholar ?
 six-foot temperance advocate wielded hatchet saloons ?
 islands does fiji have ?
 invented volleyball ?
 what 's powerful country world ?
 led normans victory battle hastings ?
 percentage world 's plant animal species amazon forests ?
 what 's star cooking show , `` galloping gourmet '' ?
 invented horoscope ?
 king forced agree magna carta ?
 electoral college votes does colorado have ?
 babe ruth 's christian names ?
 bottles wine prisoners bastille allowed per day ?
 lobsters like live ?
 elected mayor washington , d.c. ?
 big thompson flood ?
 wrote sci-fi trilogy foundation , foundation empire , second foundation ?
 hours work does typist complete 100-page screenplay ?
 alice cooper 's real name ?
 cities usually mark extremes english channel swims ?
 times does tide ebb flow day ?
 invented television ?
 person burst screen lite beer commercials .
 u.s. vice-president killed alexander hamilton duel ?
 what 's fahrenheit equivalent zero degrees centigrade ?
 muscles does oyster have ?
 wrote `` ado nothing '' ?
 i information concerning child custody files state utah ?
 louisiana senator won seat held father mother ?
 won oscars roles gone wind streetcar named desire ?
 writer famous physically putting center subject matter ?
 who 's lead singer led zeppelin band ?
 dana 's `` years mast , '' seafarers lived abandoned oven beach san diego ?
 plays cop movie `` kindergarten cop '' ?
 characters makes word typing test purposes ?
 1940 annual salary boilermaker ?
 created billy pilgrim , survivor dresden firestorm ?
 country saw origin asian flu ?
 richest woman world ?
 i test tell i i grow up ?
 lake scotland said hold monsters ?
 1974 oscar winners ?
 wrote book , `` huckleberry finn '' ?
 use heimlich maneuver on ?
 famed library reach dialing 22-287-5 ?
 i complete listing showtimes area ?
 where 's montenegro ?
 glasgow ?
 north american city boasts biggest polish population ?
 radio , tv movie character did jackie gleason william bendix play ?
 planned berth merchant ship , lane victory , merchant marine veterans converting floating museum ?
 maurizio pellegrin 's age ?
 thousands students attend university massachusetts ?
 u.s. senate majority leader speaker house .
 female suspect game clue single ?
 owns cnn ?
 americans unaccounted vietnam war ?
 chemical reactivity neon ?
 oldest website internet ?
 member little rascals on-again , off-sweetheart darla hood ?
 country visiting land president duvalier airport ?
 attorney-general ordered closing alcatraz ?
 capital congo ?
 country starts letter x ?
 countries earn tourism ?
 city china largest number foreign financial companies ?
 oscars academy awards 1999 ?
 prophet jewish people ?
 common name ?
 oldest u.s. president ?
 dubai 's concrete house built ?
 prophet religion islam ?
 portrayed maggio film eternity ?
 zebras likely found ?
 odds giving birth twins ?
 best place live world , considering climate , civilization ?
 cartoon genie conjured magic ring shared nancy chuck .
 money owed illegally having dog beach ?
 web address i e-mail address member house representatives ?
 big largest diamond ?
 did original howdy doody air ?
 languages world ?
 bald u.s. presidents ?
 member charlie 's angels sang vocals josie pussycats ?
 river flows past temple karnak ?
 comedian perfect fool ?
 information queensland national competition policy
 loved flash gordon dale ?
 i information original 13 colonies ?
 inches feet tom selleck ?
 who 's president buried washington
 rent volkswagen bug 1966 ?
 singing voice dubbed natalie wood west story audrey hepburn fair lady ?
 mean income 10% , 5% , 1% ?
 north american city sprouts parking meters ?
 largest expensive freeway construction project u.s. right now ?
 did gulliver race tiny people ?
 stronger new vitreous carbon material invented tokyo institute technology compared material cellulose ?
 tuberculosis combatting drugs cost ?
 president bush compared saddam hussein whom ?
 tv comedian worked white fang , black tooth pookie lion ?
 created character james bond ?
 did japanese imperial forces surrender end wwii ?
 rows whiskers does cat have ?
 british general surrendered colonial army saratoga ?
 world population today ?
 city feeding pigeons piazza san marco ?
 artist 's studio bateau-lavoir montmartre ?
 planet ewoks live on ?
 words spanish language ?
 information novel `` el cid '' ?
 members family drafted u.s. military world war ii ?
 wrote song , `` silent night '' ?
 average date malls begin putting christmas holiday decorations ?
 characters chinese alphabet ?
 burma ?
 wrote collector ?
 samuel johnsons 's friend biographer ?
 kind women gave sigmund freud erotic dreams ?
 hummingbird eggs fit ostrich egg ?
 wrote bestselling missionary travels researches south africa , published 1857 ?
 played father on `` charles charge '' ?
 gestation period human pregnancies ?
 did daniel originate ?
 long does average domesticated ferret live ?
 states state income tax ?
 city steepest streets u.s. ?
 country giants times size man in `` gulliver 's travels . ''
 what 's men 's par 455-yard golf hole ?
 countries there ?
 does marijuana entering united states come from ?
 10 richest people world ?
 yards 1 mile ?
 actor man appear cover mccall 's ?
 successful heart transplant human ?
 country boasts cawdor castle , glamis castle , blair castle ?
 country mount everest in ?
 country largest country latin america ?
 horsemen apocalypse .
 watts make kilowatt ?
 female faith healer wrote inspirational book i believe miracles ?
 did king francis i hang the `` mona lisa '' owned it ?
 famous husband-and-wife team did radio ads blue nun wine ?
 times harold stassen announced drive white house ?
 bottle caps presidents ' pictures inside worth ?
 i history hungarian language ?
 tramped florida looking fountain youth ?
 1990 , day week did christmas fall on ?
 american soldiers stationed south korea ?
 feet 2 average height great wall china ?
 long ago did anglican church part vatican ?
 did lucy van pelt originally charge psychiatric sessions ?
 followed underwater thrillers girl sea cortez ?
 parthenon built ?
 long does pig 's orgasm last ?
 u.s. state comes alphabetical list ?
 mountains named presidents continental usa ?
 unemployment statistics years 1965 1990 ?
 independent member congress ?
 presidents u.s. published books poetry ?
 seven dwarfs comes alphabetically ?
 professional cricketer 's son wrote war worlds 1898 ?
 inches apart adjacent pins tenpin bowling ?
 miles corridors pentagon ?
 u.s. state includes san juan islands ?
 english playwright penned : `` bee sucks , shall i '' ?
 deep fathom ?
 fred astaire 's dancing partner 's name ?
 highest number home runs record game ?
 heavyweight boxer known wild bull pampas ?
 quarts milk needed make pound butter ?
 london street claims world center men 's tailoring ?
 old universe ?
 does bible say seasons started ?
 bordering country north costa rica ?
 nation boarders mozambique ?
 olympic games year allowed nadia comaneci popular ?
 tv talk-host lends line men 's clothing ?
 people die tuberculosis yearly ?
 invented electric guitar ?
 capital california ?
 country comes alphabetical list ?
 hot oven baking peachy oat muffins ?
 country worlds leading supplier cannabis ?
 president pergament ?
 city kentucky horse park near ?
 did hillary clinton graduate college ?
 american naval officer broke japan 's isolationist policy 1853 ?
 gave the `` rolling writer '' ?
 wrote secret life walter mitty ?
 head world bank ?
 people does honda employ u.s. ?
 calcium adult female daily ?
 popular name ?
 moderated kennedy-nixon tv debate ?
 portrayed george m. cohan 1942 's yankee doodle dandy ?
 nostradamus born ?
 who 's u.s. president won pulitzer prize ?
 country origin thomas ?
 population largest chilean city
 country highest per capita consumption cheese ?
 invented `` muppets '' ?
 sea bombay on ?
 fool wise lose oath win paradise ?
 americas 47 miles atlantic pacific ?
 tall animated frankenstein
 u.s. city known rubber capital world ?
 countries highest ratio university students ?
 miles ny austria ?
 big universe actually ?
 monarch signed magna carta ?
 sides does heptagon have ?
 aborigines ?
 river rome built ?
 web adventours tours sydney , australia ?
 1936 summer olympics held ?
 cathedral thomas becket murdered in ?
 kentucky horse park close american city ?
 old sir edmund hillary climbed mt. everest ?
 tree does photosynthesis occur ?
 strait links mediterranean sea atlantic ocean ?
 airport piccadilly subway line ?
 seven digits follow area code number long distance information ?
 city 's airport named logan international ?
 pope inaugurated vatican international radio ?
 times 3
 names eskimo people ?
 king satirized line : `` king countinghouse , counting money '' ?
 nickname pennsylvania ?
 stained glass window made ?
 pope inaugurated vatican international radio ?
 director silent sound version commandments ?
 did swimming commonplace ?
 presidents usa masons ?
 tallest u.s. president ?
 largest museum world ?
 character beverly hillbillies given names daisy moses ?
 comedienne calls sister-in-law captain bligh mother-in-law moby dick ?
 gallons paint does paint golden gate bridge ?
 president supreme court justice ?
 does menstruation begin ?
 did makeup originate ?
 deep fathom ?
 u.s. state mammoth cave national park in ?
 actress june havoc 's legendary sister ?
 chromosome number elephant ?
 killed jfk ?
 star witness senate watergate hearings ?
 country stuck-tongue friendly greeting ?
 son-in-law sen. everett dirkson senator the '70 's ?
 erykah badu originally from ?
 i buy pony big island daughter ?
 old george washington died ?
 blacks served vietnam war
 names gangsters bonnie clyde ?
 address famous mexican star `` thalia '' ?
 invented panties ?
 president held elected office elected white house ?
 richest person world ?
 time does blinking eye take ?
 deep fathom ?
 did use of `` syringe '' appear medicinal history ?
 people visit pope month ?
 planet gave bith superman ?
 month year television iceland ?
 buried great pyramid giza ?
 important nation world , historically ?
 current unemployment rate u.s. ?
 railroad east coast west coast completed ?
 fast corvette go ?
 famous actress appearance stage age year 191 as `` baby '' ?
 did mcdonald 's hamburger cost 1963 ?
 group m people from ?
 country famous persian rugs ?
 attendance supper ?
 long feed puppy purina puppy chow ?
 city graced arch titus ?
 michael jackson 's father 's name ?
 girl peter sellers 's soup ?
 creative genius said : `` comes hustles waits '' ?
 world 's active volcano located ?
 country bounded part indian ocean coral tasman seas ?
 people did randy steven craft murder ?
 small businesses united states ?
 ben casey 's boss ?
 multitalented academy-award-winning director failed college course motion-picture production ?
 ayer 's rock ?
 berlin wall erected ?
 cigarette advertising banned television radio ?
 wild crazy guy wrote book called cruel shoes ?
 city 's theatrical district dubbed roaring forties ?
 temperature set baking peachy oat muffins ?
 home runs did babe ruth hit lifetime ?
 death salesman original movie , 1985 ?
 dr. ruth 's name ?
 george washington born ?
 colors spectrum ?
 what 's middle movie producer joseph e. levine ?
 caribbean countries share island hispaniola ?
 told ball four ?
 followed willy brandt chancellor federal republic germany ?
 continent 's second-highest peak mont blanc ?
 peruvian city home mummified body francisco pizarro ?
 did french revolutionaries storm bastille ?
 men died building mackinaw bridge ?
 does world know renaissance artist kyriakos theotokopoulos by ?
 president bolivia ?
 nationality gorbachev ?
 played title role romantic englishwoman ?
 president told gene autry : `` please regards wife dale '' ?
 deodorant claimed it `` actually builds resistance odor '' ?
 used auh2o election slogan ?
 long pay debt claiming chapter 11 bankruptcy ?
 ocean surrounds maldive islands ?
 south american country won world cup soccer title 1978 ?
 cullions does male have ?
 painter popularized soup cans brillo soap pad boxes ?
 played lucas mccain rifleman ?
 colorful sea 's region does greek legend say amazons lived near ?
 person convicted lai massacre ?
 continent mozambique ?
 lawyer represented randy steven craft ?
 part did benjamin franklin play development newspaper america ?
 microsoft established ?
 did president kennedy , lee harvey oswald , jack ruby die ?
 u.s. location procter & gamble corporate offices ?
 state known hawkeye state ?
 prime minister australia ?
 southern states u.s. ?
 does river seine into ?
 state did anita bryant represent 1959 miss america contest ?
 soldiers involved panama invasion united states america ?
 propellers helped power plane wright brothers flew history ?
 died 1 , 000 u.s. patents credit ?
 randy steven craft 's lawyer ?
 won general election president held malawi 1994 ?
 south bend ?
 country coastline ?
 states washington d.c. between ?
 year did joe dimaggio compile 56-game hitting streak ?
 year setting american graffiti ?
 did quilting begin ?
 did iran-contra investigation cost ?
 argentine revolutionary fought castro died bolivia may , 1979 ?
 botanical marvel did nebuchadnezzar build ?
 famous comic strip character died acne ?
 john deere tractors manufactured ?
 did communist control end hungary ?
 common christian u.s. presidents ?
 cherubs trivial pursuit board ?
 people live chile ?
 european country 's monarchy restored 1975 ?
 english explorer discovered named virginia ?
 country home heineken beer ?
 did charles lindbergh die ?
 athletes did puerto rico enter 1984 winter olympics ?
 highest continent ?
 i information journalist ?
 city does maurizio pellegrin live ?
 temperature today ?
 temperature cooking ?