 What contemptible scoundrel stole the cork from my lunch ?
 Name the scar-faced bounty hunter of The Old West .
 When was Ozzy Osbourne born ?
 Who was The Pride of the Yankees ?
 Who killed Gandhi ?
 What sprawling U.S. state boasts the most airports ?
 How many Jews were executed in concentration camps during WWII ?
 What is the date of Boxing Day ?
 Name 11 famous martyrs .
 Who was the inventor of silly putty ?
 What is the highest waterfall in the United States ?
 Which two states enclose Chesapeake Bay ?
 How many points make up a perfect fivepin bowling score ?
 How many Community Chest cards are there in Monopoly ?
 When did the neanderthal man live ?
 Where do the adventures of `` The Swiss Family Robinson '' take place ?
 How many people in the world speak French ?
 How many inches over six feet is the Venus de Milo ?
 What 1920s cowboy star rode Tony the Wonder Horse ?
 What country do the Galapagos Islands belong to ?
 Who was the prophet of the Muslim people ?
 Who is Snoopy 's arch-enemy ?
 What U.S. state lived under six flags ?
 Where is the Loop ?
 What country 's capital is Tirana ?
 Who do Herb and Tootsie live next door to ?
 Which city has the oldest relationship as a sister�city with Los Angeles ?
 What are the names of the tourist attractions in Reims ?
 What body of water does the Danube River flow into ?
 Who is the founder of Scientology ?
 Who starred in Singing in the Rain and The Singing Nun ?
 What 19th-century painter died in the Marquesas Islands ?
 What country did the Nazis occupy for 1 , CD NNS IN NNP NNP NNP .
 How many species of the Great White shark are there ?
 What is the nickname for the state of Mississippi ?
 How many villi are found in the small intestine ?
 What country did King Wenceslas rule ?
 Who were the five Marx brothers ?
 In which year was New Zealand excluded from the ANZUS alliance ?
 When did CNN begin broadcasting ?
 When did Rococo painting and architecture flourish ?
 What country 's national passenger rail system is called Via ?
 Who invented Make-up ?
 Which of the following was Rhodes Scholar ?
 Who comprised the now-defunct comic book team known as the Champions ?
 What U.S. state is Fort Knox in ?
 Where is the highest point in Japan ?
 Where does Barney Rubble go to work after he drops Fred off in the `` Flintstones '' cartoon series ?
 What are the world 's four oceans ?
 Where on the Internet can I find a song lyrics database similar to the International Lyrics Server ?
 How much money does a back injury lawsuit get ?
 Where can I find a list of `` classic '' books 5th and 6th graders should read ?
 How long does it take for your blood to make one complete trip through the body ?
 What crooner joined The Andrews Sisters for Pistol Packin Mama ?
 When did the Bounty mutiny take place ?
 How much would it cost to purchase a 2-foot-square party tent , with sides , ?
 What actress has received the most Oscar nominations ?
 How many years do fossils take to form ?
 Where is the Orinoco ?
 What city boasts Penn 's Landing , on the banks of the Delaware river ?
 How many hostages were killed in the Entebbe raid ?
 Who earns their money the hard way ?
 Who founded the People 's Temple Commune ?
 What athlete makes the most money from sports merchandise sales ?
 How many bends are there in a standard paper clip ?
 Who discovered electricity ?
 Who was the first American in space ?
 What two South American countries do n't border Brazil ?
 What is the busiest air travel season ?
 Where is the Rose Bowl played ?
 Who is the mayor of Marbella ?
 What sun-blasted , 14-mile wide valley is just north of the Mojave desert ?
 In what year did Thatcher become prime minister ?
 How many months does it take the moon to revolve around the Earth ?
 Where are the 49 steps ?
 In what year was De Gaulle elected president of France ?
 Who sings the themes for `` Dawson 's Creek '' and `` Felicity '' ?
 Who directed `` Jaws '' ?
 How many colonies were involved in the American Revolution ?
 What is the name of the city that Maurizio Pellegrin lives in ?
 Where can I find pictorial directions on how to build a very simple treehouse ?
 What is the name of the managing director of Apricot Computer ?
 What are the three winter months in the southern hemisphere ?
 What country contains Africa 's northernmost point ?
 Where is the Kalahari desert ?
 What city is sometimes called Gotham ?
 Who created Dennis the Menace ?
 What dummy received an honorary degree from Northwestern University ?
 When was the first Wall Street Journal published ?
 What countries have the largest areas of forest ?
 Name Alvin 's brothers
 When did the royal wedding of Prince Andrew and Fergie take place ?
 What actor said in A Day at the Races : `` Either he 's dead or my watch has stopped '' ?
 What explorer was nicknamed Iberia 's Pilot ?
 CNN began broadcasting in what year ?
 What South American city has the world 's highest commercial landing field ?
 How many species of sharks are there ?
 How many people are there in the world ?
 What is the acreage of the Chappellet vineyard ?
 When did beethoven die ?
 How much does a new railroad coal car cost ?
 What two European countries entered the War of American Independence against the British ?
 What Russian composer 's Prelude in C Sharp Minor brought him fame and fortune ?
 Who was the mother of the man who would not be king , the duke of Windsor ?
 How many revolutions does a standard LP make in three minutes ?
 What is the name of the tallest mountain in the world ?
 Where can I find a review of Nightmare on Elm Street in a film journal ?
 What was the name of the first Russian astronaut to do a spacewalk ?
 How many South American countries have the letter Z in their names ?
 Where was George Washington born ?
 How many people on the ground were killed from the bombing of Pan Am Flight 103 over Lockerbie , Scotland , December 21 , CD .
 Who wrote NN DT NNP NNP '' ?
 When was the first steel mill in the United States built ?
 What diminutive American female gymnast stole the show at the 1984 Olympics ?
 When did the Berlin Wall go up ?
 What Las Vegas hotel burned in November , 1980 , with the loss of 84 lives ?
 When did Mount St. Helen last have a significant eruption ?
 When did World War I start ?
 How many feet are there in a fathom ?
 What European city do Nicois live in ?
 Who was President of Afghanistan in 1994 ?
 Who was the lead actress in the movie ` Sleepless in Seattle ' ?
 Who was the 16th President of the United States ?
 Who are the two sons of Ozzie and Harriet Nelson ?
 When is Boxing Day ?
 When was the battle of the Somme fought ?
 How many people did Randy Craft kill ?
 When did Spielberg direct `` Jaws '' ?
 What is the size of the largest akita ?
 What is California 's capital ?
 Who was the author of the book about computer hackers called `` The Cuckoo 's Egg : Tracking a Spy Through the Maze of Computer Espionage '' ?
 Who was the founding member of the Pink Floyd band ?
 What European country is home to the beer-producing city of Budweis ?
 Where was Christopher Columbus born ?
 What sea did the Romans call mare nostrum ?
 What city did the Flintstones live in ?
 Which Doonesbury character was likely to turn into a werewolf ?
 What stadium do the Miami Dolphins play their home games in ?
 Who has the only speaking role in `` Silent Movie '' ?
 What was Einstein 's IQ ?
 What day was Pearl Harbor attacked in 1942 ?
 What girl 's name is `` Teddy '' an affectionate form of ?
 What state is John F. Kennedy buried in ?
 What U.S. state has an element named for it ?
 How many years ago did the ship Titanic sink ?
 What is the deepest area of the Arctic Ocean ?
 What is the latitude and longitude of El Paso , Texas ?
 Who made a boat out of gopher wood ?
 Where can I find a `` Fifth Element '' screensaver ?
 Which Bloom County resident wreaks havoc with a computer ?
 What is the normal resting heart rate of a healthy adult ?
 What is the population of Ohio ?
 How many calories are there in a Big Mac ?
 What part did John Peter Zenger play in the deveopment of the newspaper in America ?
 Who followed Caesar ?
 Who was the first woman golfer to earn a million ?
 What is Answers.com 's address ?
 Where can I buy movies on videotape online ?
 Who does the advertizing for Frito-Lay ?
 Who invented the radio ?
 What 's the American dollar equivalent for 8 pounds in the U.K. ?
 Who is the man behind the pig-the man who pulls the strings and speaks for Miss Piggy ?
 What is the speed of the Mississippi River ?
 What actor first portrayed James Bond ?
 What ocean is the largest in the world ?
 Who was the first American poet to win the Nobel Prize for literature , in 1948 ?
 What year did Jack Nicklaus join the Professional Golfers Association tour ?
 How many sonnets did Shakespeare write ?
 Who won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1991 ?
 Which city did Christian Crusaders fight to recapture from the Muslims ?
 Who was the first coach of the Cleveland Browns ?
 What is the speed of the Mississippi River ?
 Who said of Super Bowl III in 1969 : `` We 'll win- I guarantee it '' ?
 Who declared : `` I am down on whores and I shan 't stop ripping them '' ?
 Where does chocolate come from ?
 What Soviet leader owned a Rolls-Royce ?
 Where can I find a case on Individuals with Disabilities Education Act of 1991 ?
 Who wrote the song , `` Stardust '' ?
 How many Beatles ' records went #1 ?
 Who is the only prime minister of Canada to serve 22 years but not necessarily consecutively ?
 What mountains lie between the Arkansas and Missouri rivers ?
 Who received the Will Rogers Award in 1989 ?
 What 's the closest G2 Spectrum Yellow Dwarf to Earth ?
 How many equal angles are there in an isosceles triangle ?
 What was the name of the lawyer who represented Randy Craft ?
 What United States President had dreamed that he was assassinated ?
 Where is Basque country located ?
 What time of day did Emperor Hirohito die ?
 How many years did it take James Joyce to write Ulysses ?
 What South Korean city is served by Kimpo International Airport ?
 How many types of dogs ' tails are there - three
 What is the quantity of American soldiers still unaccounted for from the Vietnam war ?
 What was the highest mountain on earth before Mount Everest was discovered ?
 Where was the Ligurian Republic , 1797-185 , ?
 What country 's people are the top television watchers ?
 When was the women 's suffrage amendment ratified ?
 What Nevada center has been dubbed The Biggest Little City in the World ?
 What President lived at 219 North Delaware Street , Independence , Missouri ?
 Where must a soccer goalie stand to be permitted to handle the ball ?
 In what U.S. state was the first woman governor elected ?
 What year did Hitler die ?
 What famous model was married to Billy Joel ?
 How much money are Dumbo 's ears insured for ?
 Who danced into stardom with Fred Astaire in 1941 's You 'll Never Get Rich ?
 Who is the fastest swimmer in the world ?
 What is the highest peak in Africa ?
 Where is Procter & Gamble headquartered in the U.S. ?
 What desert has been called The Garden of Allah ?
 How many miles is it to Ohio from North Carolina ?
 How much snow equals an inch of rain ?
 When does the average teenager first have intercourse ?
 What actor 's autobiography is titled All My Yesterdays ?
 What Russian master spy lived in the U.S. under the name Emil Goldfus ?
 Where 's the 19th hole on a golf course ?
 Who played the original Charlie 's Angels ?
 Where can I find a person 's address from a telephone number ?
 Where did Sarge Steel get his metal hand ?
 Who wrote The Night of the Iguana ?
 What country did King Gustav V reign over from 197 to 195 ?
 Who painted Mother and Child ?
 What is the speed of the Mississippi River ?
 In what area of the world was the Six Day War fought ?
 What is the brightest star visible from Earth ?
 What was Mao 's second name ?
 Where do hyenas live ?
 Who has more DNA - a man or a woman ?
 How many referees work a soccer game ?
 When is the Tulip Festival in Michigan ?
 Who came up with the name , El Nino ?
 What dictator has the nickname `` El Maximo '' ?
 What U.S. city is The Queen of the Pacific ?
 What TV sitcom character had the maiden name Ethel Potter ?
 Who kept the most famous diary in the English language ?
 Where can I find out the top 1 singles ?
 How many degrees cooler is the inside of a cucumber than the air outside ?
 What Spanish artist painted Crucifixion ?
 What spy novelist served as Moscow correspondent for Reuter and The Times of London ?
 How long does it take for Spider-Man 's web to evaporate ?
 Who was Randy Steven Craft 's lawyer ?
 What was known as the Spice Island ?
 Who was the first host of Person to Person ?
 Name the Ranger who was always after Yogi Bear .
 Who is the superstar in rent-a-cars ?
 McCarren Airport is located in what city ?
 What fraction of a beaver 's life is spent swimming ?
 What country has the largest sheep population ?
 What country is the world 's largest importer of cognac ?
 How many years is Johnnie Walker Black Label aged ?
 How much would a black-and-white 1-cent stamp be worth , Thomas Jefferson on it , ?
 What country has the most time zones , with 11 ?
 Who is the president of Stanford University ?
 Whose first presidential order was : `` Let 's get this goddamn thing airborne '' ?
 What city is Logan Airport in ?
 How many innings are there in a regulation softball game ?
 When did CNN go on the air ?
 What is the largest city on the Great Lakes ?
 What is the telephone number for the University of Kentucky ?
 Who invented baseball ?
 How many wives did Brigham Young have ?
 How long is the Coney Island boardwalk ?
 What city gained renown for its pea-soup fogs ?
 Who was shot in the back during a Poker game in Deadwood , the Dakota territory ?
 How many colleges are in Wyoming ?
 What Russian seaport has a name meaning `` Lord of the East '' ?
 Where can stocks be traded on-line ?
 When was the Battle of Hastings ?
 When did Muhammad live ?
 Where do people mountain climb in Nepal ?
 What are the Nordic nations ?
 Where on the Internet can I get information about the Fifth Amendment on the American Bill of Rights ?
 What U.S. state borders Illinois to the north ?
 What is the temperature for baking Peachy Oat Muffins ?
 Where did the myth of Santa Claus originate ?
 What city is served by Logan International Airport ?
 What wrestling star became `` The Incredible Hulk '' ?
 What attracts tourists to Reims ?
 Who was the star of the 1965 Broadway hit Golden Boy ?
 Where is Procter & Gamble based in the U.S. ?
 What is the web address of the list of e-mail addresses of members of the House of Representatives ?
 What was her real name ?
 Who invented the toothbrush ?
 Where is the Abominable Snowman said to wander ?
 How many dots make up the symbol for `` because '' ?
 How many hearts does an octopus have ?
 What was the only country you were allowed to drive into Israel from in 1979 ?
 What baseball star turned down a $1 , 000-a-year contract because he felt he had n't earned it ?
 What video game hero do some of his fans call Chomper ?
 How many holes are there in a tenpin bowling ball ?
 In What city or state do the most gay men live in ?
 What TV comediennes 's characters include former movie star Nora Desmond , secretary Mrs. Wiggins and a housewife named Eunice ?
 What percentage of the body is muscle ?
 What does an average daycare provider get paid in New England ?
 Who played the Ringo Kid in the 1939 film Stagecoach ?
 Who died 1 feet from where John F. Kennedy did ?
 When is the site www.questions.com going to open ?
 What first name was Nipsy Russell given at birth ?
 Who is the youngest of the Beatles ?
 Where can I find the best free evidence for debate about Russia ?
 What is Bill Gates of Microsoft E-mail address ?
 What Russian city boasts the Hermitage Museum ?
 When is Bastille Day ?
 How many shots can a stock M16 hold ?
 Who was the first Holy Roman Emperor ?
 What day of the week sees the most fatal car accidents ?
 Where is Trinidad ?
 Who graced the airwaves with such pearls as `` Do ya lo-o-ove me ? Get naked , baby ! '' ?
 Who portrayed portly criminologist Carl Hyatt on Checkmate ?
 How fast is light ?
 When was the first American encyclopedia published ?
 What 's the tallest building in New York City ?
 Where can I find information on the Narragansett Indians and other tribes in Rhode Island ?
 How many quarters equal a pound ?
 What are the first names of Rowan and Martin , the stars of TV 's Laugh-In ?
 What chapter of the Bible has the most verses ?
 Who is the worst US President ever ?
 What Asian leader was known as The Little Brown Saint ?
 How fast does the fastest car go ?
 What is the highest mountain in the world ?
 What arch can you see from the Place de la Concorde ?
 Who sings the song `` Drink to me with thine eyes '' by Ben Johnson ?
 How long should a person wash their hands before they are clean ?
 Which way do you turn your Bic to increase the flame - clockwise or counterclockwise ?
 Which is the wealthiest country in the world ?
 Who is the monarch of the United Kingdom ?
 What are the top ten most common girl names in the US ?
 Which country is Australia 's largest export market ?
 Where is the Kentucky Horse Park located ?
 Who does data collection in tourism ?
 What was the name of the daughter of the Virginia chief Powhatan that married John Rolfe ?
 What is the leading pecan and peanut growing state ?
 Who were the four famous founders of United Artists ?
 How many sperm cells are in an average ejaculation ?
 How far do you have to run if you hit a home run ?
 Who was the only U.S. President to wear a Nazi uniform ?
 Where are the tropical rain forest distributions ?
 What 's the nickname of oddsmaker Jimmy Snyder ?
 What was the number of people that Randy Steven Craft was convicted of killing ?
 How far can a man travel in outer space ?
 Where was Lincoln assassinated ?
 What was the U.S. highway death toll in 1969 ?
 Whose autobiography is titled Yes I Can ?
 What year did the United States pass the Copyright law ?
 What percentage of Americans own their homes ?
 What 's the first day of the week ?
 What city was President William McKinley shot in ?
 What city has the world 's longest subway system ?
 Who claimed he killed 4 , 280 buffalo as food for the crew building the Kansas Pacific Railway ?
 How many degrees cooler is the inside of a cucumber than the air outside ?
 What double talking `` professor '' holds a doctorate in Nothing ?
 What are the five most expensive cities in the world ?
 What 19th-century writer had a country estate on the Hudson dubbed Sunnyside ?
 How many layers of yellow paint is a Faber Mongol pencil lucky enough to be sprayed with ?
 What was the name of the cook on Rawhide ?
 What county is Chicago in ?
 What is the wingspan of a condor ?
 Who was named Admiral of the Ocean Seas and Viceroy and Governor General of all the islands he might discover , and also granted 10-?? of all profits of his voyage .
 What does an average daycare provider get paid in New England ?
 What author landed a 468-pound marlin without harness in the early 193 's ?
 How many Americans fought for the British in the American Revolution ?
 How many oceans are there and name them ?
 How many pairs of legs does a lobster have ?
 Where is the Danube ?
 What lawyer won the largest divorce settlement , $85 million , in U.S. history for Sheika Dena Al-Farri ?
 Who delivered his last newscast on March 6 , 1981 ?
 How many times has `` Louie , Louie '' been recorded ?
 What is the longest place name in the U.S. ?
 What percent liked Thatcher after she had been in power for a decade ?
 Where does Buzz Aldrin want to build a permanent , manned space station ?
 Where can I find correct tabs for Third Eye Blind songs ?
 What former major-league left-handed baseball pitcher was known as `` Space Man '' ?
 What was Michelangelo 's last name ?
 Who was the Democratic nominee in the American presidential election ?
 What Asian country has a bill of rights for cows ?
 How many fingers are used to draw a bow ?
 When was Hurricane Hugo ?
 What President-to-be was the first member of Congress to enlist following the attack on Pearl Harbor ?
 What was the price of Varian Associates ' vacuum products division ?
 When was `` the Great Depression '' ?
 What classical Spanish writer warned : `` All that glitters is not gold '' ?
 What actor married John F. Kennedy 's sister ?
 Who fired Maria Ybarra from her position in San Diego council ?
 The italian artist , Maurizio Pellegrin , is how old ?
 Who was the first black golfer to tee off in the Masters ?
 What city is the setting for Puccini 's opera La Boheme ?
 What U.S. President showed a fondness for munching on bee pollen bars ?
 Whose cover is that of an employee of Universal Import and Export ?
 What former president 's daughter has written a book titled Murder in the White House ?
 What fictional character is known as the `` melancholy Dane '' ?
 What longtime game show host dropped dead while jogging in Central Park in 1984 ?
 Who were the `` filthiest people alive ? ''
 In what year did Ireland elect its first woman president ?
 Where is Mozambique located ?
 How many months does a normal human pregnancy last ?
 What is the real name of disc jockey `` Wolfman Jack '' ?
 What city houses the U.S. headquarters of Procter and Gamble ?
 How much was the minimum wage in 1991 ?
 Who invented silly putty ?
 Who patented the first phonograph ?
 How many Vietnamese were there in the Soviet Union ?
 On average , how many miles are there to the moon ?
 Who created private detective Philip Marlowe ?
 What is the smallest country in Africa ?
 Who coined the term NN cyberspace `` in his novel NN Neuromancer '' ?
 What is the full name of the man who invented the multicolored game cube that has 42.3 quintillion potential combinations ?
 Who was Lauren Bacall 's first husband ?
 How many hands does Bjorn Borg use when hitting his forehand ?
 How many people died on D-Day ?
 What U.S. Congressman said : `` Keep the faith , baby '' .
 Who created the character of Scrooge ?
 What is the student population at the University of Massachusetts in Amherst ?
 Where is Windsor Castle ?
 When did the Dow first reach ?
 Where can I find the names of all the 15 Pokemon ?
 What state does Martha Stewart live in ?
 What are the Benelux countries ?
 Where 's the Petrified Forest ?
 Where is Tornado Alley ?
 Who was the author of `` John Brown 's Body '' ?
 What American poet wrote : `` Good fences make good neighbors '' ?
 What state in the U.S. has the most blacks ?
 What is the city in which Maurizio Pellegrin lives called ?
 Who painted the Sistine Chapel ?
 Name the various costumed personas of Dr. Henry Pym .
 What is the oldest website on the Internet ?
 What explorers followed Columbus to the Americas ?
 Who is actress Goldie Hawn 's current actor boyfriend ?
 Who banned Peter Rose from baseball for betting on games ?
 When was the San Francisco fire ?
 How many casinos are in Atlantic City , NJ ?
 What year did the Vietnam War end ?
 What are the names of Richard Nixon 's two daughters ?
 What is the chromosome number of an elephant ?
 What 's the longest river in the world ?
 When was Berlin 's Brandenburg gate erected ?
 How many double-word-score spaces are there on a Scrabble Crossword Game board ?
 What year did Germany sign its nonaggression pact with the Soviet Union ?
 What mountain range is traversed by the highest railroad in the world ?
 Who was nicknamed The Little Corporal ?
 How many CDs has Garth Brooks sold ?
 Where are the leading medical groups specializing in lung diseases ?
 What 's the sacred river of India ?
 What is Stefan Edberg 's native country ?
 How many Gutenberg Bibles are there ?
 Name the largest country in South America .
 What was American folk hero John Chapman 's nickname ?
 What author did photographer Yousuf Karsh call `` the shiest man I ever met '' ?
 What country are Godiva chocolates from ?
 Name the poet of the poem which begins : I do not know much about gods ; but I think that the river Is a strong brown god-sullen , and untamed ?
 What U.S. state records the least rainfall ?
 What Texas city got its name from the Spanish for `` yellow '' ?
 What country did the Nile River originate in ?
 What barroom judge called himself The Law West of the Pecos ?
 Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?
 What country has the best defensive position in the board game Diplomacy ?
 What two countries share the Khyber Pass ?
 Who was chairman of the Senate select committee that tried to get to the bottom of Watergate ?
 What actor starred in 1980 's Blue Lagoon , 1982 's The Pirate Movie and 1983 's A Night in Heaven ?
 How many home runs did Lou Gehrig have during his career ?
 In what city is the headquarters of Sinn Fein ?
 Where can I find information on George Bush ?
 Who is the voice of Miss Piggy ?
 Who replaced Bert Parks as the host of The Miss America Pageant ?
 How many boys play the game in Winslow Homer 's 1872 painting Snap the Whip ?
 When are sheep shorn ?
 What 's the second-largest island in the world ?
 What century does Captain Video live in ?
 How many astronauts manned each Project Mercury flight ?
 Where is Logan Airport ?
 Who was the first person inducted into the U.S. Swimming Hall of Fame ?
 What golfer has been called Ohio Fats and Blobbo ?
 Who murdered Leno and Rosemary LaBianca on August 1
 What is the average cost for four years of medical school ?
 Which of the following men was not married to Rita Hayworth ?
 What is the current ticket fare from from Cairo to Barbados ?
 What is the state nickname of Mississippi ?
 How many students attend the University of Massachusetts ?
 Who said , `` I shall return . '' during World War Two ?
 Who portrayed Etta Place , companion to Butch Cassidey and the Sundance Kid ?
 What 's the name of the temple that is located near the capital city of Laos ?
 Where is the actress , Marion Davies , buried ?
 Who was the Charlie perfume woman ?
 Who portrayed `` Rosanne Rosanna-Dana '' on the television show `` Saturday Night Live '' ?
 What singer became despondent over the death of Freddie Prinze , quit show business , and then quit the business ?
 When did Iraqi troops invade Kuwait ?
 What famous singing cowboy owns the California Angels baseball team ?
 What is the probability that at least 2 out of 25 people will have the same birthday ?
 How many Canadians emmigrate each year ?
 Who was Gerald Ford 's vice president ?
 How many different languages are spoken in Europe ?
 What year was Desmond Mpilo Tutu awarded the Nobel Peace Prize ?
 Who invented batteries ?
 Where can I buy a good snowboard for less than $200 ?
 What was the infamous pseudonym of Peter Sutcliffe ?
 What London street is the home of British journalism ?
 In what city is the famed St. Mark 's Square ?
 How much did the minimum wage amount to in 1991 ?
 Where is Tufts University ?
 What is the chemical reactivity of argon ?
 How many engines does a Boeing 737 have ?
 How long was Mao 's 1930s Long March ?
 What does a teaspoon of matter weigh in a black hole ?
 What province is Edmonton located in ?
 Who did Sonny Liston succeed as world heavyweight boxing champion ?
 What is Martin Luther King Jr. 's real birthday ?
 What President dispatched a cruiser to carry Charles Lindbergh home after his epic flight ?
 Whose video is titled Shape Up with Arnold ?
 How many James Bond novels are there ?
 How large is the Arctic refuge to preserve unique wildlife and wilderness value on Alaska 's north coast ?
 How much electricity does the brain need to work ?
 How many acres in a mile ?
 Who 's the twin brother of the Greek goddess Artemis ?
 What is the per-capita income of Colombia , South America , ?
 How many Grammys did Michael Jackson win in 1983 ?
 What is the oldest website on the Internet ?
 What is the average age of a member of the team that worked on the Manhatten Project ?
 What country received all the Nobel Prizes awarded in 1976 ?
 How many syllables are there in a line of hendecasyllabic poetry ?
 What is Britain 's possession on the Chinese mainland ?
 Who was America 's first Public Enemy No. 1 ?
 How many children under 18 are victims of some sort of Physical Abuse each year ?
 Who lives at 24 Sussex Drive , Ottawa ?
 What are the only two states that incorporate the Confederate battle flag in their flags ?
 Where is Guam ?
 Who was the famous door-to-door brush salesman ?
 How many people in America snore ?
 Who is always trying to get the rent from Andy Capp ?
 Who did Jackie Kennedy commission to write The Death of a President ?
 How many stars are there on the Soviet Union 's flag ?
 Who sought to create The Great Society ?
 What are tourist attractions in Reims ?
 What are the lengths of pearl necklaces ?
 Who said : `` Soldiers win the battles and generals get the credit '' ?
 How long does it take the typical hen to lay 19 dozen eggs ?
 What Colorado city owns its own glacier ?
 How much does it cost , average or whatever is available , to produce and send junk mail catalogues in the US ? , DT CD NN NN ,
 Who is the current UN Secretary General ?
 Where did guinea pigs originate ?
 What two countries ' coastlines border the Bay of Biscay ?
 When was the slinky invented ?
 What are the characters ' names in the Scooby-Doo cartoon ?
 Which is the only Dick Tracy villain to appear three times ?
 What European capital celebrated its 2 , 000th anniversary in 1951 ?
 What country was the setting of You Only Live Twice ?
 What was Thatcher 's approval rating after 10 years in power ?
 How many calories are in a tomato ?
 In what state was the first co-educational college established
 What country in Latin America is the largest one ?
 On which Hawaiian island is Pearl Harbor ?
 What feathered cartoon characters do Yugoslavians know as Vlaja , Gaja , and Raja ?
 When was Dick Clark born ?
 What is the death toll of people dying from tuberculosis ?
 What city is wiener schnitzel named for ?
 What desert has the highest sand dunes ?
 What two countries contain Sierra Nevada mountains ?
 How long was the TV mission of Star Trek 's Enterprise to be ?
 What phone number can I call to have a tree planted ?
 When did the `` Star-Spangled Banner '' become the national anthem ?
 What continent 's name appears on the upper left corner of a Budweiser label ?
 Who was the Secretary of War in the Civil War during the Battle of Gettysburg ?
 Who did Bobby Fischer beat to win the world chess championship ?
 Where can I get information and statistics on countries and nations ?
 What day is August 13 , 1971 ?
 Where can I find a list of all the companies in America that offer a direct stock purchase plan ?
 How big is a quart ?
 What country was A Terrible Beauty to Leon Uris ?
 Where can I buy a hat like the kind Jay Kay from Jamiroquai wears ?
 Name the lawyer for Randy Craft .
 What is the Homelite Inc. home page ?
 What mountainous region of the world is the Lhasa Apso dog native to ?
 How long does it take light to reach the Earth from the Sun ?
 Who lives at 39 Stone Canyon Way ?
 How many questions are on this thing ?
 Who played Humpty Dumpty in the 1933 film Alice in Wonderland ?
 Who is Karenna Gore , Al Gore 's oldest daughter , married to ?
 Who played the title role in I Was a Teenage Werewolf ?
 In what year did Hitler gain power of Germany ?
 What year did Rossetti paint `` Beata Beatrix '' ?
 Where can I find information about touring the Philippines ?
 How many square feet is Bill Gates ' home ?
 What is the name of actor Rex Harrison 's son , who starred in a modestly popular TV show during the late 1960's ?
 Who was the inventor of the stove ?
 What comedian has a legendary reputation for stealing jokes ?
 Where can I find information on the cyclone that hit New Jersey on 8/28/1941 ?
 Boxing Day is celebrated on what date ?
 Who was the king who was forced to agree to the Magna Carta ?
 Who was made the first honorary citizen of the U.S. ?
 Where was Richard Nixon when Gerald Ford became president ?
 Where does the U.S. rank among world countries in area ?
 What was the target rate for M3 growth in 1992 ?
 Name of scholar on whose literal translations from the Chinese and Japanese Ezra Pound depended ?
 When did Israel begin turning the Gaza Strip and Jericho over to the PLO ?
 Name the On Stage character whose face was never seen .
 How much energy is released when oxygen and hydrogen mix ?
 Who is known as `` the world 's oldest teenager '' ?
 What are the largest breweries in the world ?
 What country and western singer is known as The Silver Fox ?
 What building appropriately enough is depicted on the back of the 1-dollar bill ?
 What baseball team owner and sailor is known as The Mouth of the South ?
 Who was with Patricia Hearst the night she was kidnaped ?
 What is the Viking Prince 's first name ?
 Where is Rider College located ?
 What boxer 's life story is titled Raging Bull ?
 Who advised listeners to `` see the U.S.A. in your Chevrolet '' ?
 Where was the first restaurant ?
 Where can I find full written draft of CTBT ?
 How many horses died during the civil war ?
 How much waste does an average dairy cow produce in a day ?
 What Nobel laureate was expelled from the Philippines before the conference on East Timor ?
 What woman has carried the most multiple births , twins , triplets , etc. , ?
 How many minutes were there on the original GE College Bowl clock ?
 What is the average time it takes for a male to ejaculate ?
 What is website of the International Court of Justice ?
 Where are 8 of the 10 highest mountains in the world ?
 Where can I look at a perpetual calendar ?
 How many astronauts have been on the moon ?
 In what year did the Bounty mutiny happen ?
 Which Bourbon king was restored to the French throne during Napoleon 's abdication ?
 What is one of the cities that the University of Minnesota is located in ?
 What daughter of Henry VIII and Anne Boleyn became queen of England ?
 What is the most useful site on the Internet ?
 What is the world 's highest peak ?
 What comedienne upstaged Dwight D. Eisenhower 's first inauguration by giving birth to her first child ?
 When were the Olympic Games in which Nadia Comaneci became popular played ?
 Where is Hearst Castle , built by publisher William Randolph Hearst ?
 What 's the largest U.S. city on the Great Lakes ?
 Who sang about Desmond and Molly Jones ?
 What costume designer decided that Michael Jackson should only wear one glove ?
 How many rows of sprocket holes does a roll of 35-millimeter film have ?
 What is the goat population of the world ?
 What sea separates Naples and Algiers ?
 How many lawyers are there in the state of New Jersey ?
 Name the blind sculptress in love with the Fantastic Four 's Thing .
 What National Basketball Association superstar told his story in Giant Steps ?
 When did Fraze get his first patent for the pull-tab can ?
 How many games are played in a five-team round-robin tournament ?
 Who developed the first polio vaccine ?
 Who made the first gas engine ?
 What country claimed Rubens , Van Dyck and Bruegel as citizens ?
 How many questions do you have on your database ?
 Where can I find examples of legal cases about the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act ?
 What character did Tex Avery first create upon arriving at MGM ?
 When was the Triangle Shirtwaist fire ?
 What Asian spiritual and political leader was married at the age of 13 ?
 Where is Ocho Rios ?
 What ocean does Mauritania border ?
 What country is Kosovo a part of ?
 Tell me what city the Kentucky Horse Park is near ?
 What is Bill Gross 's email address ?
 What English queen had seventeen children ?
 What is the approximate population of Las Vegas , N.M ?
 How much does the President get paid ?
 What two baseball players make up the battery ?
 Of children between the ages of two and eleven , what percentage watch `` The Simpsons '' ?
 What 's the northernmost U.S. state apart from Alaska ?
 Name an art gallery in New York .
 Who sells Viagra ?
 What building are British monarchs crowned in ?
 Who did Dita Beard work for ?
 What country was first to use the airplane as a weapon of war , against the Turks in Libya ?
 Who served as inspiration for the schoolteacher portrayed by Robin Williams in `` Dead Poets Society '' ?
 What is Columbia Tristar 's phone number ?
 Which one of the original seven Mercury program astronauts did not fly on any of the Mercury flights ?
 Who is the best known villain of the 165 Gunpowder Plot ?
 What is the capital of Burkina Faso ?
 What continent is Bolivia on ?
 Who killed more people , Hitler or Stalin ?
 What U.S. state has the most blondes ?
 What was the U.S. highway death toll in 1969 ?
 What mustachioed comedian portrayed Frankie in North to Alaska ?
 What does each of the utilities cost in Monopoly ?
 What actor and World War II airman had a $5 , 0 bounty put on his head by Hermann Goering ?
 What city is often called The Insurance Capital of the World ?
 Who portrayed Dracula in Hammer Studios ' films ?
 When were fish first believed to be found on earth ?
 What President 's favorite Biblical quotation was : `` Come now , and let us reason together '' .
 How many elevators do you ride to reach the top floor of the Empire State Building ?
 What country was Sir Edmund Hillary born in ?
 What city was John F. Kennedy nominated for president in ?
 How long does a dog sleep ?
 What can you be fined for having a dog on a beach ?
 Where did the Battle of the Bulge take place ?
 How much will the California be in the year 2000 ?
 What mystery writer penned `` ...the glory that was Greece , and the grandeur that was Rome '' ?
 What state full of milk and honey was the destination in The Grapes of Wrath ?
 What is the tallest building in Japan ?
 Where is Sinn Fein 's headquarters ?
 The Iraqis launched their attack on Kuwait on what day ?
 What country 's northernmost city is Darwin ?
 What sound does Olympia , Washington , overlook ?
 What Kentucky city calls itself The Horse Center of America ?
 How many penny-farthings are there on a Trivial Pursuit game board ?
 What European country boasts the city of Furth , found where the rivers Rednitz and Pegnitz converge ?
 What U.S. state is Dixville Notch in ?
 Where was the Cisalpine Republic , 1797-185 , ?
 What is the largest shopping mall in the world ?
 What is the protagonist 's name in Dostoevski 's `` The Idiot '' ?
 What presidential press secretary dismissed Watergate as a third-rate burglary attempt ?
 Which of these are authors ?
 Who was the original Humpty Dumpty ?
 Where is the location of the Orange Bowl ?
 When is President Nixon 's birthday ?
 Whose cupboard was bare ?
 What are the seven seas ?
 What 's the name of Popeye 's adopted son ?
 Who invented the vacuum cleaner ?
 What 2th-century fictional character attends Pencey Prep School ?
 How many people in the USA say their number one source of information is the newspaper ?
 Who does Shakespeare 's Antonio borrow 3 , 0 ducats from ?
 Which country is known as `` Big Bear '' ?
 How many times a day should you take a prescription marked `` q.i.d . '' ?
 Who is the Voyager project manager ?
 What two commanders directed the forces in the Battle of El Alamein ?
 Name the creator of `` The Muppets '' .
 Who replies `` I know '' to Princess Leia 's confession `` I love you '' in The Empire Strikes Back ?
 What 's the home of the Rockettes ?
 Where can I find all the information I need to know about the English Civil War , 1642-1649 , ?
 Who won the 1967 Academy Award for Best Actor ?
 Name the first private citizen to fly in space .
 What was football star Elroy Hirsch 's nickname ?
 What singer sings `` Oh Boy '' ?
 How much pizza do Americans eat in a day ?
 What is the website for the USA journal ?
 What U.S. state has the second-longest coastline ?
 What state 's home to the Buffalo Bill Historical Center ?
 How fast do cheetahs run ?
 How fast is a 45Mhz processor ?
 What count did Alexandre Dumas write about ?
 What are the odds of giving birth to twins ?
 What is the largest natural lake in Pennsylvania ?
 How far is London UK from California ?
 How many years old is Benny Carter ?
 Where does the Santa Fe Trail begin and end ?
 Which city in Canada is the least-populated ?
 How old is Stevie Wonder ?
 Who was the first Taiwanese President ?
 Who is Luke Skywalker 's father ?
 Where is the Isle of Man ?
 What was the death toll at the eruption of Mount Pinatubo ?
 When will the millennium officially begin ?
 Who created the comic strip , `` Garfield '' ?
 Which Vietnamese terrorist is now a UN delegate in Doonesbury ?
 What do we call the imaginary line along the top of the Rocky Mountains ?
 What country 's capital is Lagos ?
 Where does Ray Bradbury 's Chronicles take place ?
 Who is the current prime minister and president of Russia ?
 Who established a Viking colony in Greenland about 985 ?
 What is the latitude and longitude of El Paso , Texas ?
 Where can I get information about cystic fibrosis ?
 Where did Honecker rule ?
 What is the life span of the average monkey ?
 How many member states are in the UN ?
 Who shot and killed himself while painting Wheatfield with Crows ?
 What future President became Senate majority whip under Harry Truman ?
 Who was the architect of Central Park ?
 What are the dimensions of an ice hockey goal ?
 When was CNN 's first broadcast ?
 What African country is governed from Ouagadougou ?
 What was the Christian name of the title character in Our Miss Brooks ?
 What hard-of hearing artist painted Sunflowers ?
 Who wrote Sons and Lovers ?
 What French seaport claims to be The Home of Wines ?
 How long does it take sunlight to reach Earth ?
 How many milliseconds in a second ?
 What Cherokee Indian gave his name to a tree ?
 When were camcorders introduced in Malaysia ?
 What is the chance of conceiving quadruplets ?
 Who was the star of Leave It to Beaver ?
 What countries have the largest armed forces in the world ?
 What was William F. Cody 's better-known name ?
 Who did Richard Nixon tender his resignation to ?
 Which of the following rock 'n roll stars has a `` star '' on Hollywood Boulevard ?
 What is the exchange rate for Australian to American money ?
 How many states did Richard Nixon carry in 1972 ?
 How many shillings more than 2 were there in a guinea ?
 Who took over as conductor of the Boston Pops after Arthur Fiedler 's long reign ?
 What Nazi leader killed himself in jail just before he was to be executed as a war criminal ?
 What brand number graces the black label of a bottle of Jack Daniel 's ?
 What city is terrorized by Dracula in The Night Stalker ?
 Who is the fastest guitarist ?
 What is the best hospital for orthopedics in the country ?
 Who betrayed Norway to the Nazis ?
 Who took the toys donated for the Doodyville Orphans ' Fund and kept them for himself ?
 Who were the Picts ?
 Who is stationed at Camp Swampy in the comic strips ?
 In what year did China and the Republic of Korea establish diplomatic relations ?
 How tall is the giraffe ?
 What actor dressed up as Santa Claus and had a once-a-year affair with actress Shelley Winters every Christmas for many years ?
 How long did it take Stanley to find Livingstone ?
 How much of the nation 's children between the ages of two and eleven watch ` The Simpsons ' ?
 What lake is Sheboygan on ?
 What is the largest lake in North America ?
 How many people died because of a smoking problem in 1997 ?
 Who wrote The Look of Love after viewing Ursula Andress ?
 What is the name of the American swimmer who won seven gold medals in the 1972 Olympics ?
 Who claims to have the greatest show on earth ?
 What Honeymooners actress did Television magazine name as 1953 's most promising star ?
 What was the role of the Medieval Guild ?
 Silly putty was invented by whom ?
 Who invented the paper clip ?
 Whom did Lauren Bacall marry after her husband Humphrey Bogart died ?
 How many times in his 16-year National Basketball Associaton career was John Havlicek a member of the all-star team ?
 What city or state do the most gay men live in ?
 Shea and Gould had an office in Los Angeles for how long before closing it ?
 What year did Degas create the bronze sculpture , `` Fourth Position Front ? ''
 What composer was awarded the Medal of Honor by Franklin D. Roosevelt ?
 How many URL extensions are there ? and what are they ?
 How long after intercourse does it take to find out if you are pregnant ?
 Who created the Fantastic Four , Hulk , and Thor ?
 Who is the composer of `` Canon in D Major '' ?
 Where are all European and American eels born ?
 Who was the author of the novel `` Far From the Madding Crowd '' ?
 What department store heir is responsible for raising a three-ton safe from the underwater wreckage of the Andrea Doria ?
 What was the first town to be chartered in Vermont ?
 What state has the longest Great Lakes shoreline ?
 What U.S. state ends with a G ?
 How many varieties of twins are there ?
 What are the largest libraries in the US ?
 How many people live in the Falklands ?
 Who was Camp David named for ?
 Who portrayed `` the man without a face '' in the movie of the same name ?
 How much money was the minimum wage in 1991 ?
 In what year was the first patent for the pull-tab opener on cans obtained ?
 What country boasts the most dams ?
 What is the regular price ?
 What Metropolis landmark was first introduced in the Superman cartoons of the 1940 's ?
 Where can one find Mozambique ?
 In what city is the US Declaration of Independence located ?
 Who won the first World Series ?
 Who was credited with saying : `` I never met a man I did n't like '' ?
 What nationality was Jackson Pollock ?
 How much of the earth 's surface is permanently frozen ?
 When was Queen Victoria born ?
 How many people were executed for Abraham Lincoln 's assassination ?
 What is worth seeing in Reims ?
 When was Yemen reunified ?
 What Mexican leader was shot dead in 1923 ?
 What is the federal minimum wage ?
 What are the unemployment statistics for the years 1965 and 1990 ?
 Where is Santa Lucia ?
 What female painter produced primitives of rural New England life ?
 What are names of two old men who appear in the serial tv Muppets Show ?
 What is the horsepower of the shuttle boosters ?
 What year did Apartheid start ?
 Who created Big Ben ?
 What city is found in the city of OZ ?
 What populous state covers 49 , 576 square miles ?
 In what state was there an 11 million gallon oil spill ?
 When did Aldous Huxley write , `` Brave New World '' ?
 What country did the ancient Romans refer to as Hibernia ?
 How long was the longest hiccup attack ?
 How many people live in Tokyo ?
 What fruit-topped actress was known as The Brazilian Bombshell ?
 Who played the title role in My Favorite Martian ?
 Who invented the game Scrabble ?
 When did humans first begin to write history seriously ?
 What city in the U.S. experienced the most growth recently ?
 What Tokyo street glitters with famed department stores and nightclubs ?
 What was the average life expectancy during the Stone Age ?
 When Mighty Mouse was conceived , what was his original name ?
 How many U.S. presidents were assassinated during Queen Victoria 's reign ?
 When was the first flush toilet invented ?
 What is Nathan Hamill 's role in the new Star Wars prequel ?
 How many disks does each player have in a four-handed game of Crokinole ?
 How old is the sun ?
 What percentage of children between the ages of two and eleven watch ` The Simpsons ' ?
 How many years ago did Led Zeppelin release its last album ?
 How many people was Randy Craft convicted of killing ?
 What country are you in if you woo in the Wu dialect ?
 What New York Yankee was known as The Iron Horse ?
 Who is considered The First Lady of the American Stage ?
 Who penned : `` Neither a borrower nor a lender be '' ?
 Who headed Hitler 's infamous Gestapo ?
 What South American city features the exclusive Copacabana Beach and Ipanema ?
 What German city do Italians call The Monaco of Bavaria ?
 What island group contains Jersey , Guernsey , Sark and Herm ?
 What is a person called that likes fire ?
 Where was helium first discovered , hence its name ?
 Who made the musical plea Be True to Your School ?
 What French designer declared : `` The jean is the destructor ! It is a dictator ! It is destroying creativity. The jean must be stopped ! '' ?
 What season is the setting for Shakespeare 's Midsummer Night 's Dream ?
 What comedian was banned from the Ed Sullivan Show for allegedly making an obscene gesture at the show 's host ?
 What country is the setting for Edgar Allan Poe 's The Pit and the Pendulum ?
 What Apollo 11 astronaut minded the store while Armstrong and Aldrin made history ?
 What is the current ticket fare from from Cairo to Barbados ?
 What is the second highest mountain peak in the world ?
 What Good Little Witch is Casper 's girlfriend ?
 What was the nickname of Frederick I , Holy Roman Emperor and King of Germany ?
 What month , date , and year did Charles I die ?
 How many cubic feet of space does a gallon of water occupy ?
 What 's the world 's largest cathedral ?
 What three European countries begin with the letter A ?
 How many earthworms are in a single pasture ?
 Who made Stonehenge ?
 What is the average hourly rate of American workers ?
 Who 's the founder and editor of The National Review ?
 In what year did they build the Berlin Wall ?
 Who was the first governor of West Virginia ?
 What 's the world 's longest suspension bridge ?
 What Asian city boasts the world 's biggest bowling alley ?
 When will Jean Aeul publish her next book ?
 What famous soldier was born in Europe , died in Asia , and was laid to rest in Africa ?
 What were the first three cities to have a population of more than a million ?
 What constellation contains the twins Castor and Pollux ?
 How many meters are in a mile ?
 What famed London criminal court was once a feudal castle ?
 How many milligrams are in a gram ?
 Where did he get the title ?
 Where can I find a large list of 5 to 6 letter words ?
 What is Michael Jackson 's middle name ?
 Who was the first woman to fly solo across the Atlantic ?
 How long is human gestation ?
 Where does Mother Angelica live ?
 What 's the population of Mississippi ?
 Who started the Dominos Pizza chain ?
 How old is Jeremy Piven ?
 Which NBA players had jersey number 0 ?
 How many colored squares are there on a Rubik 's Cube ?
 Where is the Mayo Clinic ?
 What Caribbean island is sometimes called Little England ?
 Where is Amsterdam ?
 Where can I find the lyrics for the song ` Getting Married Today ' from the musical ` Company ' ?
 Who is the famous movie star who also acted as sewer commissioner of Provo Canyon , Utah ?
 What Australian city became the home of the America 's Cup ?
 Name Randy Craft 's lawyer .
 What river does the Grand Coulee Dam dam ?
 How often are quadruplets born ?
 How many presidents have died on the 4th of July ?
 What is a person called that likes fire ?
 Who portrayed Vincent Van Gogh in Lust for Life ?
 What is a reliable site that I can download Heretic 2 ?
 What season begins with the vernal equinox ?
 Who was known as the Time Master in comic books ?
 Where did cable cars first roll down Clay Street in 1873 ?
 What is George Lucas 's e-mail address ?
 Who is the father of the computer ?
 Who said : `` Old soldiers never die ; they just fade away '' ?
 How long were Tyrannosaurus Rex 's teeth ?
 Who 's the only man to have won the Olympic decathlon twice ?
 What Kenyan city is the safari center for East Africa ?
 What is the name of Miss India 1994 ?
 What four U.S. states have active volcanoes ?
 Who was the second man to walk on the moon ?
 What major Victorian novelist spent as much time working for the post office as he did writing ?
 What year were the Olympic Games played in where Nadia Comaneci became popular ?
 What are the biggest Indian airports ?
 What are the world 's three largest oceans , in order of size ?
 Who is the Pope ?
 Where on the Internet can I find information on laundry detergent ?
 The Shea & Gould law firm had an office in L.A. for how many years ?
 What 's the most common surname in America ?
 How long does it take the typical American to eat 23 quarts of ice cream ?
 What city is sometimes called The Athens of Switzerland ?
 Where did bocci originate ?
 Where can I find information about Bob Barr , representative from Georgia ?
 What is the frequency of VHF ?
 How many electoral votes does it take to win presidency ?
 What were the cities of Dickens 's A Tale of Two Cities ?
 In what year was the movie the Ten Commandments released ?
 What countries have the best math students ?
 When was the De Beers company founded ?
 Who was the first black performer to have his own network TV show ?
 What is the date of Bastille Day ?
 Where did Freidreich Wilhelm Ludwig Leichhardt , Prussian born explorer , go to school ?
 How much folic acid should an expectant mother get daily ?
 How much caffeine is in a 16 oz cup of coffee ?
 What two countries in South America are landlocked ?
 What is Columbia Tristar 's phone number ?
 When did Princess Diana and Prince Charles get married ?
 Which country did Hitler rule ?
 Who directed The Wild Bunch ?
 The Orange Bowl is in what city ?
 What comedian was born Allen Stewart Konigsberg ?
 How many Leos have been Pope ?
 What state was Herbert Hoover born in ?
 How many fiddlers did Old King Cole have ?
 What poet wrote : `` ... I have promises to keep , and miles to go before I sleep '' ?
 What is the population in India ?
 How long do flies live ?
 Who runs Andy Capp 's favorite pub ?
 What state produces the best lobster to eat ?
 How many times a day does the typical person go to the bathroom ?
 What islands got their name from the Spanish baja mar , meaning shallow water ?
 What author of the Days of Our Lives Cookbook signed on in 198 as Liz Chandler in TV 's Days of Our Lives ?
 What President was assassinated by Charles J. Guiteau ?
 What comic of TV 's golden age went by the motto `` Anything for a laugh '' ?
 How many feet long is a baseball pitcher 's rubber ?
 What was the nationality of Jackson Pollock ?
 Who invented the game bowling ?
 How many times larger than life size is the Statue of Liberty ?
 What is the name of the country which Hitler ruled ?
 How long does a human live ?
 Where can I get U.S. economic statistics ?
 How many Superbowls have the ers won ?
 Who is the creator of `` The Muppets '' ?
 Which of the following celebrities started his show-biz career as a disc jockey ?
 What 's a perfect score in a gymnastics exercise ?
 What 's the capital of Iowa ?
 Who asked you to do the Loco-Motion with her in 1962 ?
 What President served for five years , six months and 2 days ?
 What is Drew Barrymore 's middle name ?
 What is Supergirl 's secret identity ?
 What is the US Federal Government website for Standard Industrial Classification codes , SIC , ?
 Who made the first surfboard ?
 What is the name of the police officer who tried to keep order in Top Cat 's neighborhood ?
 On what date did Rosa Parks Become a symbol of the civil rights movement for refusing to give up her seat on the bus ?
 What are the highest-paying odds on a roulette table ?
 In what year did the US Marine Corps adopt the motto `` Semper Fidelis '' ?
 How many films did Ingmar Bergman make ?
 Who is the Greek God of the Sea ?
 What well-known music personality is the father of an adopted son named Hans Christian Henderson ?
 When was the first Barbie produced ?
 Who was the first woman governor of Wyoming ?
 How many more weeks of winter are there if a ground hog sees his shadow ?
 What Green Bay Packers coach philosophized : `` There 's nothing that stokes the fire like hate '' ?
 Where is the Henry Ford Museum ?
 What year did nylon stockings first go on sale ?
 What are the 10 largest cities in the US ?
 What famous comedian recently tried without success to revive the play ?
 What is Drew Barrymore 's email address ?
 What nationality were the 123 people who died in the Black Hole of Calcutta ?
 What TV family sometimes buys eclairs from Nelson 's Bakery ?
 What enigmatic U.S. vice president was once tried and acquitted for treason in a plot to set up his own independent empire in the West ?
 Who was Charles Lindbergh 's wife ?
 Who sings Angel Eyes from the 80 's ?
 When did the Jurassic Period end ?
 What was the date of Iraq 's invasion of Kuwait ?
 What is the name of the planet that the Ewoks live on ?
 What dumb-but-loveable character did Maurice Gosfield play on The Phil Silvers Show ?
 What sea surrounds the Cayman Islands ?
 How many different vegetation zones are there ?
 What ocean was Amelia Earhart flying over when she disappeared ?
 What was the nickname of German flying ace Manfred von Richthofen ?
 What country other than Germany invaded Poland in September 1939 ?
 When was the Bill of Rights ratified ?
 What is the largest U.S. state east of the Mississippi ?
 What 's the population of Biloxi , Mississippi ?
 What California desert is dubbed High Desert ?
 Who wrote ` Hamlet ' ?
 Where do the Blackhawks maintain their operations ?
 What African country was founded by freed American slaves in 1847 ?
 What year did the first issue of `` Playboy '' come out ?
 The Orange Bowl is located in what city ?
 What pseudonym did William Sydney Porter use in writing The Gift of the Magi ?
 What is the last name of Lucy and Linus from the Peanut 's comic strip ?
 What cheery fellow got the ZIP code 9971 from the U.S. Postal Service in 1963 ?
 How many layers does a bottle of Yoo-Hoo settle into ?
 What 's the nearest star to Earth ?
 Where is Inoco based ?
 What was the number of assassinations and attempts to assassinate in the U.S. since 1865 ?
 How many stations do you shoot from in the basketball game `` Around the World '' ?
 Who was the Russian ambassador to Hungary during the 1956 uprising ?
 Who holds the NFL record for most touchdowns in a season ?
 What is the average age a horse lives ?
 What planet would you visit to see Bebrenia , Arcadia , and Amazonis ?
 Where is Natick ?
 Who wrote ` The Pines of Rome ' ?
 Where is the Valley of the Kings ?
 Where did the sport of caber-tossing originate ?
 Who played for the Chicago Bears , Houston Oilers and Oakland Raiders in a 26-year pro football career ?
 Where are the Union Stockyards ?
 Where does the weird shape of the dinner fish knife originate from ?
 How many children does Ray Davies of the Kinks have ?
 How many years did Shea & Gould practice law in Los Angeles ?
 How much salt is in the oceans ?
 Who leads the star ship Enterprise in Star Trek ?
 Who won World War II ?
 Where does the U.S. get most of its energy ?
 What country , after Canada and Mexico , is closest to the U.S. ?
 Who was Garrett Morgan married to ?
 What was the name of Darth Vader 's son ?
 How many stars are there in Big Dipper ?
 How many wings does a flea have ?
 What country has been called The Queen of the Antilles ?
 Where can I find a website that gives comparisons of good prices ?
 What is the population of Mozambique ?
 What state has the most Indians ?
 How long is Camptown Racetrack ?
 Name the two blob members of the animated Herculoids .
 Where did Luther display his `` Ninety-Five Theses '' ?
 What river is Pocahontas buried along ?
 How many miles is it from London , England to Plymouth , England ?
 Where is Dartmouth College ?
 What well-known TV talk show host was a lay preacher by the time he was seventeen ?
 What one of the Backstreet Boys are single ?
 How many people was Randy Craft convicted of murdering ?
 What river flows through Vienna , Budapest and Belgrade ?
 What Civil War general wreaked havoc on the south by marching through Georgia on his way to the sea ?
 Who was the conservationist who served as spokesperson for Post Grape Nuts ?
 Which area produces the least acidic coffee ?
 What suburban housewife and mother of three wrote The Feminine Mystique ?
 On which date is the Ukrainians ' Christmas ?
 What is the largest city in the world ?
 What is the average weight for a man ?
 What are Britain 's two longest rivers ?
 What country covers 8 , 600 , 387 square miles ?
 Name a canine cartoon character other than Huckleberry Hound to have a voice by Daws Butler .
 In which state are the Mark Twain National Forests ?
 What is the oldest ethnological museum in the world ?
 Where have the most dinosaur remains been found ?
 Who shoplifts ?
 What island has a park called The Battery at is southern tip ?
 How much is Clara Peller being paid by Wendy 's to say `` Where 's the beef '' ?
 What was the date of CNN 's first broadcast ?
 What is the all-time stock high of Apple Computer , and where can I find this information ?
 When was Calypso music invented ?
 What Caribbean island is northeast of Trinidad ?
 How old is Bernadette Peters ?
 Where can I find book reviews of `` Turbulent Souls '' ?
 What is Dick Clark 's birthday ?
 When did Hitler come to power in Germany ?
 When did Gothic art and architecture flourish ?
 Which two inventors invented Post-its ?
 What day of the week was July 13 ?
 Whose image is alleged to be on The Shroud of Turin ?
 What U.S. general was court-martialled for criticizing American air power ?
 Who said : `` The victor will never be asked if he told the truth '' ?
 Approximately how many students are enrolled at the University of Massachusetts ?
 What is the fastest growing state in the U.S.A. in 1998 ?
 How many American soldiers have died for their country to date ?
 Where does the opera singer Ileana Cotrubas come from ?
 Saddam Hussein was compared to whom by President Bush ?
 What year was the NAACP founded ?
 In what year did Thatcher gain power ?
 Who wrote the book , `` The Grinch Who Stole Christmas '' ?
 Where can I learn about Samuel Gompers ?
 What jockey won 17 Triple Crown races ?
 What U.S. state 's biggest lake is Lake Sam Rayburn ?
 Who seized power from Milton Obote in 1971 ?
 What state is Niagara Falls located in ?
 How hot does the inside of an active volcano get ?
 Where is the Orange Bowl ?
 What Scandinavian capital is built on nine bridge-connected islands ?
 What well-known actor is the father of star Alan Alda ?
 Where is the Smithsonian Institute located ?
 What is the size of Argentina ?
 What date is Richard Nixon 's birthday ?
 What little boy and dog live in a shoe ?
 What percent of world 's fresh water is found in Canada ?
 CNN 's first broadcast occurred on what date ?
 How many grooves are on a dime ?
 What was Marilyn Monroe 's real name ?
 What number of American soldiers remain unaccounted from the Vietnam war ?
 What father and son won the Medal of Honor ?
 How many consecutive baseball games did Lou Gehrig play ?
 How many different types of skunks are there ?
 Who is the Prophet of Medina ?
 What year did Spielberg make `` Jaws '' ?
 What is the name of the woman who was with John Belushi when he died ?
 What do most tourists visit in Reims ?
 What United States city produces the most oil ?
 What 's the percentage of children aged two through eleven who watch ` 'The Simpsons ' ?
 What was the only country in the Western Hemisphere to join the Russian-led boycott of the 1984 Summer Olympics ?
 In what part of Africa is Mozambique located ?
 Whose funeral train traveled from Washington D.C. to Springfield , Illinois ?
 What 's the better-known identity of John Merrick , the noble ogre of Victorian England ?
 What is her husband 's name ?
 Which of the following did not receive a 1983 `` Outstanding Mother Award '' from the National Mother 's Day Committee ?
 What Dynasty star made her 2th Century-Fox debut in The Virgin Queen ?
 Where is Poe 's birthplace ?
 What actress holds the record for the most appearances on the cover of Life ?
 What U.S. President had brothers-in-law in the Confederate army ?
 Who is the Queen of Holland ?
 Where can I find detailed information about Manchukuo ?
 What actor learned to play the saxophone and speak Russian for a role in a movie ?
 Who says , `` If you don 't look good , we don 't look good '' ?
 Who was Secretary of State during the Nixon administration ?
 How much money does each player get at the beginning of the game in Monopoly ?
 Where 's the GUM department store ?
 What state was named the Green Mountain state ?
 What year was the ATM first introduced ?
 What are all the southern states of the United States ?
 What does 7847+5943 equal ?
 What attorneys work for The Center for the Defense of Free Enterprise ?
 What is Dick Clark 's date of birth ?
 How many equal sides are there on a scalene triangle ?
 Where did Bill Gates go to college ?
 What constellation is known as The Water Bearer ?
 In which year was the cartoon character Chilly Willy created ?
 Where can I find the history of the Taiwanese language ?
 What state is Mount McKinley in ?
 Which classical Spanish writer said `` All that glitters is not gold '' ?
 How large is Missouri 's population ?
 When was the internal combustion engine developed ?
 Who painted `` Soft Self-Portrait with Grilled Bacon '' ?
 Who killed Caesar ?
 Where is Kings Canyon ?
 What time does Wee Willie Winkie run through the town ?
 What chapter of Gone with the Wind has Rhett Butler leaving Scarlett O 'Hara ?
 What amount of money did the Philippine ex-dictator Marcos steal from the treasury ?
 What Asian country once thrilled to the sport of cricket fighting ?
 How many varieties of apple are there ?
 Who 's won the most Oscars for costume design ?
 What is the average life expectancy of a male in Ireland in 1996 ?
 What city is near the mouth of the Amazon ?
 What U.S. vice-president once declared : `` If you 've seen one slum , you 've seen them all '' ?
 Who wrote The Red Badge of Courage ?
 Where did the Inuits live ?
 What British monarch 's lap did P.T. Barnum 's Tom Thumb sit in ?
 Who invented the road traffic cone ?
 Which of the following people is not associated with Andy Warhol ?
 What former royal palace has served as a granary , prison , arsenal , leper colony , mint , telegraph station and whorehouse before becoming an art museum ?
 Where was `` I have fallen , and I can 't get up '' said first ?
 What president 's ghost is said to haunt the White House ?
 What are the names of Jack 's original roommates on Three 's Company ?
 How many URL extensions are there ? and what are they ?
 Where did the Wright brothers make their first flight ?
 Who won the Battle of Gettysburg ?
 Name the two youngsters saved by the animated Moby Dick .
 Who was the captain of the tanker , Exxon Valdez , involved in the oil spill in Prince William Sound , Alaska , 1989 ?
 What is the snowiest city in the U.S. ?
 What is the chemical reactivity of helium ?
 The name of the actor who played the detective in the film Kindergarden Cop is what ?
 What actor came to dinner in Guess Who 's Coming to Dinner ?
 What engineer invented the pull-tab can ?
 What South American capital is the world 's highest ?
 Name a civil war battlefield .
 When do you plant winter wheat ?
 How many counties are in Indiana ?
 Who was the first actress to appear on a postage stamp ?
 Who was the first black woman to star in the Folies Bergeres ?
 What famed strip of land is a 15-minute boat trip across the Venetian Lagoon from Venice ?
 What is the exchange rate between England and the U.S. ?
 What is the protection rate of using condoms ?
 Which continent has the most roses ?
 How many corners does a spritsail have ?
 What bottled-up TV character was born in Baghdad ?
 What are the four largest mountain ranges on the Asian continent ?
 How far can you see ?
 Where in the Bible does it tell about Jesus Christ 's brothers and sisters ?
 What country boasts the southernmost point in continental Europe ?
 When did Nostradamus believe World War III would begin ?
 What country was Brian Boru an 11th-century king of ?
 Who asked the musical question : `` Have you ever been to electric lady land ? ''
 Who wrote : `` Poems are made by fools like me but only God can make a tree '' ?
 Where did the 6th annual meeting of Indonesia-Malaysia forest experts take place ?
 Who played the part of the Godfather in the movie , ` The Godfather ' ?
 When was London 's Docklands Light Railway constructed ?
 Who invented the Wonderbra ?
 What state capital comes last alphabetically ?
 How long did the Charles Manson murder trial last ?
 How long does it take for your blood to make one complete trip through the body ?
 Who owns the St. Louis Rams ?
 Where is former Pro wrestler Johnny `` Rubber Man '' Walker ?
 What is the geographical center of the US including Alaska and Hawaii ?
 When do MORMONS believe Christ was born ?
 In what year was actress Joan Collins born ?
 What is average salary of restaurant manager in United States ?
 On average , how long time does it take to type a screenplay ?
 How long do cardinal eggs incubate ?
 What Texas surgeon performed the first artificial heart transplant ?
 What country has the port of Haifa ?
 What is the address for the main government office in Rome , Italy ?
 Who made the most appearances in the center square on Hollywood Squares ?
 How many of every 10 members of the Rodeo Cowboys Association have never worked a ranch ?
 What `` marvelous '' major-league baseball player is now a spokesman for a beer company ?
 Who said `` the only thing we have to fear is fear itself '' ?
 Where is Romania located ?
 How many films are made by the major studios in a year ?
 How many small businesses are there in the U.S .
 What age is Benny Carter ?
 What city did the Mormons establish as their headquarters in 1847 ?
 What two countries are linked by the Brenner Pass ?
 Mississippi has what name for a state nickname ?
 What U.S. city was named for St. Francis of Assisi ?
 How many megawatts will the power project in Indonesia , built by a consortium headed by Mission Energy of US , produce ?
 Who is the sexiest women in the world ?
 What day is known as the `` national day of prayer '' ?
 Where can I get a photograph of professor Randolph Quirk ?
 Who was the supreme god of Germanic religion ?
 Who 's played the most games for the New York Yankees ?
 What TV character said ; `` One of these days , Alice , pow , right in the kisser '' ?
 What is the name of the Indian who became prime minister by beating Mrs. Gandhi in the 1977 election ?
 What Chilean president was killed in a 1973 coup d 'etat ?
 What was Einstein 's IQ ?
 Name the first Russian astronaut to do a spacewalk .
 What are the first names of the famous husband-and-wife acting team of Lunt and Fontanne ?
 How many real fruit juices are there in a can of Hawaiian Punch ?
 What is the principal river of Ireland ?
 What lake is the source of the White Nile ?
 How much does a poodle weigh ?
 How many points are there on a Backgammon board ?
 How many frames does a disk camera shoot ?
 When did Theo Rousseau paint the `` Forest of Fontaine '' ?
 How many people have been Captain America ?
 What President was meant for , but never placed in , the empty crypt beneath the capital 's rotunda ?
 What are all the rivers in Europe ?
 Who won the Superbowl in ?
 In what year was Gandhi assassinated ?
 What is the time it takes a typist to type a screenplay that is 100 pages long ?
 What Hungarian cardinal was first a state prisoner and then a refugee in the U.S. embassy 1956-1971 ?
 How many pairs of wings does a tsetse fly have ?
 What 's the fifth-largest country in the world ?
 The film `` Jaws '' was made in what year ?
 Who directed Citizen Kane ?
 What is the nickname of the famous flyer who mistakenly flew to Ireland instead of to Los Angeles ?
 Whose special bear 's creator was born on January 18 , 1779 ?
 In what country is Lund ?
 What is the capital of Seattle ?
 What Italian leader had a lifelong fear of the evil eye ?
 What city in Florida is Sea World in ?
 Who said : `` What contemptible scoundrel stole the cork from my lunch ? ''
 What president kissed the Queen Mother on the lips ?
 Where does the tennis star Stefan Edberg come from ?
 What continent pushes up the Executive Committee mountain range ?
 What was Al Capone 's nickname ?
 Who was the author of the famous fairy tale `` Snow White and Seven Dwarfs '' ?
 What is the largest city in Germany ?
 What park contains Firehole River and Fairy Falls ?
 What 's the largest island in the West Indies ?
 What New England state carries the telephone area code 27 ?
 In what county is Eckley Colorado ?
 How much does it cost to have a tree planted by dialing , 900 , 740-TREE ?
 How long do hermit crabs live ?
 What city hosted the first Winter Olympics in Asia ?
 What month were you born in if your birthstone is sardonyx ?
 Who is behind the name of the Harvey Wallbanger drink ?
 How much money can a person be fined for having a dog on a beach ?
 What desert country borders Saudi Arabia , Iraq and the Persian Gulf ?
 What American actress was the first to be called a `` vamp '' ?
 What date did man first land on the moon ?
 Where are the headquarters of Eli Lilly ?
 How many web servers are there ?
 How many trees go into paper making in a year ?
 Where can I find info on research being done on oilseeds thru genetics ?
 How far out is the universe ?
 Where did the Mayan Indians live ?
 Where was Poe born ?
 How many warmup pitches does a reliever get coming into a baseball game ?
 Where did Dylan Thomas die ?
 How many Fig Newtons are there to the pound ?
 Who is the premier of China ?
 What cigar-chewing comedian observed : `` You 're only as old as the woman you feel '' ?
 How many bones are there in the human hand ?
 Who was the president of Vichy France ?
 Whose kidnaping was termed The Crime of the Century ?
 What was the tallest building in America in 1922 ?
 What buxom blonde appeared on the cover of more than 5 magazines ?
 How far is it from Phoenix to Blythe ?
 What New Hampshire hamlet rises early to vote first in U.S. presidential elections ?
 How many people watch network television ?
 Who first broke the sound barrier ?
 How many horses are there on a polo team ?
 Where do the Grimace and Mayor McCheese live ?
 How long does it take to hike the entire Appalachian Trail ?
 What role do fruits play in the survival of plants ?
 Where is the world championship sled dog race held each February ?
 What Pulitzer Prize-winning novelist ran for mayor of New York City ?
 How many times can a nickel-cadmium rechargeable battery be recharged ?
 How many seats does the Batmobile sport ?
 How many cards are dealt to each player in Gin Rummy ?
 What time of year do most people fly ?
 Who was Scrooge 's dead partner in Dickens 's A Christmas Carol ?
 When is the Thai New Year ?
 Who recorded the 1957 hit Tammy ?
 Who is Mia Farrow 's mother ?
 How far can a human eye see ?
 What time of year has the most air travel ?
 When was the G7 group of nations formed ?
 What baseball player was walked the most times ?
 What famous male vocalist has the same name as the composer of the opera Hansel and Gretel ?
 When did they canonize the Bible ?
 Who was the only president to serve two nonconsecutive terms ?
 What percentage of all world tornados touch down in the US ?
 What labor leader was last seen in the parking lot of a Michigan restaurant ?
 When did the Carolingian period begin ?
 Who reports the weather on the `` Good Morning America '' television show ?
 How many emperors were there in the Roman Empire ?
 What was the name of `` The Muppets '' creator ?
 Who sent the brief message `` I came , I saw , I conquered '' ?
 What U.S. Air Force general led the first bombing raid over Tokyo ?
 What U.S. vice-president said : `` Some newspapers dispose of their garbage by printing it '' ?
 What was the name of the first Watergate special prosecutor , later fired by Nixon ?
 On what day were John F and Jackie Kennedy married ?
 Who won a Pulitzer Prize for his novel The Caine Mutiny ?
 Where is your corpus callosum ?
 Who portrayed Sherlock Holmes in 14 films between 1939 and 1946 ?
 When Superman needs to get away from it all , where does he go ?
 How old is singer Freedy Johnston ?
 What is the name of the pop singer whose song became the theme song for a brand of catsup ?
 Who claimed to be the world 's most perfectly-developed man ?
 Where can I get cotton textiles importer details ?
 When did Spain and Korea start ambassadorial relations ?
 How many grooves are on a dime 's edge ?
 What canal does the Thatcher Ferry Bridge span ?
 What American won the world Grand Prix driving championship in 1978 ?
 What are the chances of pregnacy if the penis does not penetrate the vagina ?
 Where can I find a lesson plan for teaching the metric system conversion to American standard ?
 Name a female figure skater .
 How long would it take for a $ savings bond to mature ?
 What is the average cost for four years of medical school ?
 How many spears are there on Kenya 's flag ?
 Where did George of the Jungle live ?
 What 's men 's par on a 455-yard golf hole ?
 What percentage of American men are alcoholic ?
 Dialing , 900 , 740-TREE to have a tree planted will cost how much ?
 In South Korea , how many American Soldiers are there ?
 Who portrayed Carl Bernstein in All the President 's Men ?
 What are the numbers that fit into Fermont 's last theorem ?
 Who was Tiny Tim 's father ?
 Who was Bonnie Blue Butler 's father ?
 How many Americans have HIV ?
 Where do I find information for foreclosure properties on the Internet ?
 Who is the Antichrist ?
 Which Latin American country is the largest ?
 What was the former residence of Scottish kings in Edinburgh ?
 How many teats does a female goat sport ?
 How tall is kilamanjaro ?
 Who was the lawyer who represented Randy Steven Craft ?
 What country buys 25 percent of the world 's tea exports ?
 What country is the origin of the band the Creeps ?
 Which of the following celebrities was not born in Philadelphia ?
 What is the number of American soldiers deployed to South Korea ?
 Where is the biggest bell ?
 What is the estimated total U.S. whitetail deer population ?
 Who wrote the Farmer 's Almanac ?
 What number is at 12 o 'clock on a dartboard ?
 CNN is owned by whom ?
 What country offered Albert Einstein its presidency in 1952 ?
 Who was the 15th century fire-and-brimstone monk who gained control of Florence but ended burnt at the stake ?
 What French leader sold Louisiana to the United States ?
 What bay sparkles next to Miami , Florida ?
 How many miles of veins are in the circulatory system ?
 What famed river flows through Bagdad ?
 Who is the prime minister of Japan ?
 What player squats an average of 3 times during a baseball doubleheader ?
 What 's the most common name in nursery rhymes ?
 How many `` No '' answers was the What 's My Line ? panel allowed ?
 What is the fine for having a dog on a beach ?
 Who wrote the book , `` Song of Solomon '' ?
 Where can one find information on religion and health , the brain and nutrition ?
 Name the Ranger who was always after Yogi Bear .
 Who is the president of the Spanish government ?
 Who holds the career record for the most major league home runs ?
 Which of the following actors worked in New York 's Yiddish Theater ?
 Who invented the stethoscope ?
 How many four star generals were there and who are they ?
 When did Nixon die ?
 What comedian hit the TV screen in 1951 with the NBC afternoon show Time for Ernie ?
 How many members are in the California congressional delegation ?
 What erupts every hour at Yellowstone National Park ?
 What country contains the highest point in South America ?
 What are Arnold Palmer 's fans called ?
 Who retired with 755 home runs to his credit ?
 What constellation represents a hunter with club and shield ?
 Who developed potlatch ?
 How long did Shea and Gould practice law in Los Angeles ?
 What 's a perfect score in a gymnastics exercise ?
 At what age did Rossini stop writing opera ?
 What Russian seaport has a name meaning `` Lord of the East '' ?
 Name the two actress daughters of John Mills .
 How old was Gene Siskel ?
 What Rocky Mountain ridge separates North America 's eastward and westward-flowing rivers ?
 Who is the actress Bette Davis once said she wished she looked like ?
 Who portrayed The Cowardly Lion in The Wizard of Oz ?
 What gate opened on East and West Berlin ?
 Who was the first king of England ?
 How many calories are there in soy sauce ?
 Who killed Kurt Cobain ?
 Who created the monster in Mary Shelley 's novel Frankenstein ?
 What 's the farthest planet from the sun ?
 How big is our galaxy in diameter ?
 When is a woman most fertile ?
 What son of a 15-year-old Mexican girl and a half-Irish father became the world 's most famous Greek ?
 Who was the first man to return to space ?
 Who gave Abbie Hoffman his first dose of LSD ?
 What 4-foot-9 actress in 1984 became the first performer to win an Oscar for playing a character of the opposite sex ?
 Who shot Billy the Kid ?
 What Mormon leader was said to have had 27 wives ?
 What 's the name of a hotel in Indianapolis ?
 How many people in Tucson ?
 Where is Melbourne ?
 With whom did Bush compare Saddam Hussein ?
 What country was Mikhail Gorbachev the leader of ?
 What is the recommended weight of a 15 year-old male that is 5 , 6 ?
 What pillar of the Dutch Renaissance painted Aristotle Contemplating the Bust of Homer ?
 What is the largest county in size in Massachusetts ?
 What is the name of the brilliant British economist behind its creation ?
 Who played Sally Rogers on The Dick Van Dyke Show ?
 What mythical figure carries an hourglass and a scythe ?
 How much is a Canadian 1967 twenty dollar gold coin worth ?
 What natural attractions draw the most visitors in the United States ?
 How many years did Sleeping Beauty sleep ?
 How long does it take for your body to restore blood after you donate your blood ?
 What river runs through Liverpool ?
 What famous British actor lost his voice after an operation in 1966 ?
 What country was Kim Philby really working for ?
 What country was Hitler the chancellor of ?
 What is Rona Barrett 's married name ?
 How many years make up a lustrum ?
 Who is the mathematician that won the Noble Prize for Literature in 1950 ?
 Which glamorous actress is a close friend of Dick Tracy ?
 How old is the Italian artist Maurizio Pellegrin ?
 What President hit the jogging paths to enhance his athletic image and , sporting No. 39 , almost collapsed during the road race ?
 What North American city would you visit to see Cleopatra 's Needle ?
 When was the NFL established ?
 Where can I find an Ask An Expert site ?
 What writer-journalist made his mark describing colorful Broadway and underworld characters ?
 What U.S. state has the lowest highest elevation at 6 feet ?
 What baseball great plugged Mr. Coffee ?
 Who 's baby was Sweet Pea on the Popeye cartoon ?
 Where is Mile High Stadium ?
 What city contains the district of Hell 's Kitchen ?
 What English physician was born on January 18 , 1779 and went on to create two important inventions ?
 Who did Arthur H. Bremer try to assassinate on May 15 , 1972 ?
 How fast must a spacecraft travel to escape Earth 's gravity ?
 What apostle is Taylor Caldwell 's Great Lion of God ?
 How many rings are there on a five-zone archery target ?
 Which one of the Great Lakes is entirely within U.S. territory ?
 What U.S. state has sagebrush as its state flower ?
 What 's comic strip photographer Peter Parker 's secret identity ?
 What nationality is Pope John Paul II ?
 Where are some great educational resources for parents and teachers ?
 How many Israeli athletes were killed at the Munich Olympics ?
 When was Richard Nixon born ?
 What New York City landmark has 168 steps to its crown ?
 Where is the Bulls basketball team based ?
 What is the recomended age to switch a child from a crib to a bed ?
 Which Rockefeller was sometimes called `` JDR3 '' ?
 When is the Sun closest to the Earth ?
 What is the average hours per months spent online by AOL users ?
 Whom did Friz Freleng add to the Warner Bros. cartoon ranks ?
 Who was Shakespeare 's Moorish general ?
 What 's the second-highest mountain in the world ?
 What country was Erich Honecker the leader of ?
 What two Japanese cities are spelled with the letters K , O , O , T and Y ?
 Who taught Matt Murdock to use his extraordinary abilities in Marvel comics ?
 Where did Wile E. Coyote always get his devices ?
 How far away is the moon ?
 What famous film and TV cowboy lent his name to a fast food chain ?
 Who famously rode to warn the people of Massachusetts that the British were coming ?
 Who commanded the French forces at the Battle of Orleans ?
 Where can an individual get a contact lens tested that burned the entire surface of eye when new ?
 What countries does the Mont Blanc Tunnel join ?
 When did Amtrak begin operations ?
 How many bones are in the human hand ?
 How many chemical elements are there ?
 What eastern state sprouted the first commercial nuclear power plant in the U.S. ?
 What are the three most populated countries in the world ?
 Who led the opposition when Konrad Adenauer was Chancellor in Germany ?
 What is the current population for these countries : France , Spain , Italy , Greece , Austria , Germany , Switzerland , the Netherlands ?
 What is the youngest age a boy or girl can have an orgasm ?
 What is the largest office block in the world ?
 Who turned all he touched to gold ?
 Who plays shortstop for Charlie Brown 's baseball team ?
 What country did the Romans call Hibernia ?
 Who was the most famous food editor of The New York Times ?
 How many dogs pull a sled in the Iditarod ?
 How long does cocaine stay in your system ?
 What two countries fought the Hundred Years ' War ?
 Who was the last U.S. president to reinstate Selective Service registration ?
 On which dates does the running of the bulls occur in Pamplona , Spain ?
 What was the name of the lawyer who represented Randy Steven Craft ?
 What actress 's autobiography is titled Shelley : Also Known as Shirley ?
 How many colors was the 1940s collectible called a Donald Duck Rubber Boat ?
 Who lived on the shores of the Gitchee Gumee River ?
 What country will hit the year 2 first ?
 Who is section manager for guidance and control systems at JPL ?
 What is Goldfinger 's first name ?
 What square is the geographical center of London ?
 Which of the following famous people does not paint as a hobby ?
 What is the most populated city in the world ?
 How many pitchers occupy the shelf beside the crouching woman in Edgar Degas 's 1886 painting The Tub ?
 What is the cost of the drugs used in tuberculosis treatments ?
 Where did Victor Hugo spend his exile ?
 Who should I call to get a tour of the New York Stock Exchange ?
 How many airline schools are there in the U.S. ?
 What U.S. general died December 1 , 1945 , when his jeep collided with a truck ?
 How many major Nazi leaders went on trial after the war at Nuremberg ?
 What state did Helen Keller call home ?
 What was the name of the director of the movie `` Jaws '' ?
 What year is etched on the Gold Medal of Excellence from the Paris Exposition depicted on a can of Campbell 's tomato soup ?
 What country 's royal house is Bourbon-Parma ?
 Who portrayed W.C. Fields in the film W.C. Fields and Me ?
 How much money does the Sultan of Brunei have ?
 What country would you visit to ski in the Dolomites ?
 What month 's third weekend is the Monterey Jazz Festival held on ?
 Who built the first successful stern wheel steamboat ?
 Who was Hitler 's minister of propaganda ?
 Who was the first doctor to successfully transplant a liver ?
 What African capital is named for a U.S. president ?
 What Mediterranean island is home to the first Club Med ?
 Where can you find the Venus flytrap ?
 When was John D. Rockefeller born ?
 What building built in 18 contains 327 miles of book shelves ?
 Who was the lawyer for Randy Steven Craft ?
 Who is reputed to be the greatest maker of violins ?
 What future Soviet dictator was training to be a priest when he got turned on to Marxism ?
 How long does James Bond like his eggs boiled ?
 What U.S. city 's skyline boasts the Gateway Arch ?
 Where is Belize located ?
 Who sued the Dannon yougurt company for using a character named Ron Raider for promotion ?
 Who was the first jockey to ride two Triple Crown winners ?
 Who wrote Brave New World ?
 What state does Charles Robb represent ?
 How many people are taller than 7 feet ?
 Who wrote Unsafe at Any Speed ?
 How many islands make up Antigua ?
 What U.S. state boasts Stone Mountain , the world 's largest mass of exposed granite ?
 What British commander surrendered to George Washington at Yorktown in 1781 ?
 Who created the World Wide Web , WWW ?
 What is the name of the president of Garmat U.S.A ?
 Who were leaders of the Byzantine empire ?
 Who was the first President to appoint a woman to head a cabinet ?
 What southeast Asian country has the Wang River joining the Ping River at Tak ?
 What Italian city of 155 were Leonardo da Vinci , Michaelangelo , and Machiavelli all working in ?
 How many states have a lottery ?
 What is the name of the largest city in Chile , South America ?
 What ratio of children of ages between two and eleven watch ` The Simpsons ' ?
 How many cities are there in Utah ?
 How many visitors go to the Vatican each year ?
 What is the population of Mexico ?
 What is the best online games site ?
 What century did art 's Romantic Period begin in ?
 How many spaces follow a period at the end of a sentence ?
 In what year was the Berlin Wall erected ?
 What is the weight of a teaspoon of matter in a black hole ?
 What is the approximate weight of a teaspoon of matter in a black hole ?
 On what avenue is the original Saks department store located ?
 Where does the song Anything Goes take place ?
 Where was the first zoo in the U.S. ?
 How far is Yaroslavl from Moscow ?
 What is the present Pope named ?
 Who is the nebbish that is Marvel 's official mascot ?
 How many bytes are in a terabyte ?
 Who sang the song `` Hooked on a Feeling '' in the dancing baby episode of `` Ally Mcbeal '' ?
 Approximately how much does a teaspoon of matter weigh in a black hole ?
 What country 's flag is field green ?
 Who was the Columbia Pictures head who forged actor Cliff Robertson 's name on a $1 , 000 check ?
 Name Dondi 's adoptive grandfather .
 When was the Congress of Vienna ?
 How much folic acid should a pregnant woman get each day ?
 What year was the first automobile manufactured ?
 How many colonies did Germany get to keep after World War I ?
 How many states have a `` lemon law '' for new automobiles ?
 Whose biography by Maurice Zolotow is titled Shooting Star ?
 In the movie Groundshog Day what is the name of the character played by Andie MacDowell ?
 How old is Benny Carter ?
 Where can I read about Chiang Kai-shek ?
 What country borders the most others ?
 What river runs through Colorado , Kansas , and Oklahoma ?
 Who was the first American citizen awarded the Albert Medal of the Society of Arts ?
 What doctor is synonymous with footwear and foot care ?
 What are the shoe sizes of O 'Neal , Jordan , and Mutombo , the NBA players ?
 Who founded the Unification Church ?
 How many zeros are there in a trillion ?
 What are the statistics for drunken drivers in Maryland ?
 What ill-fated American general dragged a bull terrier named Willie through World War II ?
 What 's the score of a forfeited baseball game ?
 Where does tuberculosis come from ?
 Who invented the lawnmower ?
 Where can I find lyrics for R&B ?
 What U.S. senator once played basketball for the New York Knicks ?
 What is Li 'l Abner 's last name ?
 How many liberty bells have there been ?
 What two countries are separated by the Bering Strait ?
 Jackson Pollock is of what nationality ?
 What architect originated the glass house designed the Chicago Federal Center had a philosophy of `` less is more , '' and produced plans that were the forerunner of the California ranch house ?
 How many Russians have landed on the moon ?
 When was Franklin D. Roosevelt stricken with polio ?
 Where on the Internet can I get chemicals importers ?
 What was the first country to put a second woman in space ?
 Who shared a New York City apartment with Roger Maris the year he hit 61 home runs ?
 What prison is found in Ossining , New York ?
 What country has declared one-fifth of its territory off-limits to Russians ?
 Who is the director of intergovernmental affairs for the San Diego county ?
 What Hall of Fame pitcher started three World Series Games for the New York Yankees in 1962 ?
 What is the longest river in the United States ?
 What river is Windsor Castle on ?
 Where is Natchitoches , Louisiana ?
 What is the name of a Greek god ?
 What 's the capital of Taiwan ?
 What is the starting salary for beginning lawyers ?
 What was the man 's name who was killed in a duel with Aaron Burr ?
 What will the California gas tax be in the year 2000 ?
 What city is served by Tempelhol Airport ?
 Who directed the first Woody Woodpecker cartoon ?
 What two historical figures , who fought each other in a famous battle , each have a food named after them ?
 Where in the United States do people live the longest ?
 What country in 1998 had the most suicides regardless of population size ?
 What is the price for tuberculosis drugs ?
 What was the first minimum wage ?
 How many people lived in Nebraska in the mid 1900s ?
 What year was Janet Jackson 's first album released ?
 Name of heroine in `` Scruples '' ?
 How many movies has Drew Barrymore been in ?
 What TV character sired a horse named Thunder ?
 What is the name of the planet that the Ewoks live on ?
 What baseball player was known as Charley Hustle ?
 Who killed Lee Harvey Oswald ?
 Who invented the fax machine ?
 How wide is the Atlantic Ocean ?
 Who wrote the poem that starts `` I love your lips when they 're wet with wine and red with a warm desire '' ?
 What singer 's theme song was When the Moon Comes over the Mountain ?
 How many meters are in a mile ?
 About how many soldiers died in World War II ?
 Who is Rocky 's and Bullwinkle 's ever-lost friend ?
 Who thought he 'd never see a poem lovely as a tree ?
 Who created `` The Muppets '' ?
 What celestial body has a diameter of 864 , 000 miles ?
 Name one of the major gods of Hinduism .
 What country borders Denmark to the south ?
 What two US biochemists won the Nobel Prize in medicine in 1992 ?
 Where do you find the answers for all these questions ?
 How many neurons are in the human brain ?
 What city is . KDGE Radio located in ?
 What city was Bobby Kennedy assassinated in ?
 What London museum features a Chamber of Horrors ?
 What city is served by McCarren Airport ?
 How many lakes are there on the Earth ?
 Who else was considered for the role of Luke Skywalker when George Lucas was casting for Star Wars ?
 How long does a fly live ?
 How many pounds are there in a stone ?
 What amount of folic acid should an expectant mother take daily ?
 Who was the king who signed the Magna Carta ?
 How many miles is it from Frankfurt , Germany to Salzburg , Austria ?
 How many chairs are shown in Vincent Van Gogh 's 188 work The Artist 's Room in Arles ?
 What state on the Gulf of Mexico has its lowest point five feet below sea level ?
 Where can I find a case on Americans with Disabilities Act of 199 ?
 Who is the leader of India ?
 Who is the prophet that is most connected to the Dead Sea ?
 What are the chances of pregnacy if the penis does not penetrate the vagina ?
 Where is the Keck telescope ?
 Where are the apartments in Saint John , New Brunswick ?
 Who wrote `` The Pit and the Pendulum '' ?
 What country did the Mau Mau Uprising take place in ?
 What are some good medical sites for information ?
 Who is the Incredible Hulk in reality ?
 What month did the Edmund Fitzgerald sink ?
 Who are the presidents of Mexico and Indonesia ?
 Who played Al Jolson in the Jolson Story ?
 Where were the 196 Summer Olympics held ?
 Where is Los Vegas ?
 Name the country which Honecker lived in .
 What U.S. state are the Finger Lakes in ?
 What are the ten safest American cities for pedestrians ?
 What TV detective did Craig Stevens play ?
 Where can I find a picture of a Blue Meanie ?
 What U.S. state does the Continental Divide leave to enter Canada ?
 In the past 8 years who have the MVP players for the NHL been ?
 Who played Emperor Palpatine in Star Wars ?
 What 's the name of the Wilkes plantation in Gone with the Wind ?
 Where is the Statistical Abstract of the United States online ?
 When was the Brandenburg Gate in Berlin built ?
 Whose husbands have included Conrad Hilton Jr. , and Michael Wilding ?
 Who is King in Alley Oop 's home of Moo ?
 How much of the silver production is manufactured by independent silversmiths ?
 What percentage of the silver production is done by independent silversmiths ?
 What date is Boxing Day ?
 How many inches tall is Stuart Little at birth ?
 How many Stradivarius violins were ever made ?
 Who invented the stock ticker in 1870 ?
 What was Einstein 's birthplace ?
 What century 's the setting for TV 's The Adventures of Robin Hood ?
 Who wrote the Bible ?
 What debts did Qintex group leave ?
 Which U.S. President is buried in Washington , D.C. ?
 Where are the Austerlitz and Victor Hugo subway stops ?
 Where did Ty Cobb grow up ?
 What is the per-capita income of Colombia , South America ?
 How many types of cheese are there in France ?
 How many `` eyes '' does a coconut have ?
 How many websites are there in the world ?
 How many points is a disk in the center hole worth in Crokinole ?
 What general direction does the journey in Around the World in 80 Days proceed in ?
 The lawyer who represented Randy Craft , what was his name ?
 What is New England 's highest mountain ?
 Who was the first black to be head coach of a major league pro sports team ?
 What year did the War of 1812 begin ?
 How many verses are in the Bible ?
 What robust U.S. President imported his own instructor after seeing a judo match ?
 In what nation is Edessa located nowadays ?
 Name a country that is developing a magnetic levitation railway system ?
 What seven digits follow the area code in the number for long distance information ?
 What was the player 's name who played nose tackle for the Eagles in Super Bowl XV ?
 Where is the largest dam in the world ?
 Who held the endurance record for women pilots in 1929 ?
 Independent silversmith 's account for what percentage of silver production ?
 In what part of the world is Mozambique ?
 Who are Woody Woodpecker 's niece and nephew ?
 Who created Maudie Frickett ?
 Who was the first English circumnavigator of the globe ?
 What is the salary of a U.S. Representative ?
 What man-made waterways is 1.76 miles long ?
 Who liberated 19th century Sicily and Naples ?
 On what river is Strasbourg built ?
 What 's the maximum length , in inches , of a first baseman 's glove ?
 What country is located at 13 degrees North latitude and 10 degrees East longitude ?
 Where are the busiest ports in the world ?
 What is the pig population of the world ?
 What city does McCarren Airport serve ?
 What is the most number of goals scored by a single team in an NHL hockey game ?
 What actor has a tattoo on his right wrist reading Scotland Forever ?
 How many dollars a day did Arthur Frommer say you could get by on in Europe in 1968 ?
 Who appointed the chair of the Federal Reserve ?
 Where can I find up-to-date coastal ocean surface temperature information , preferably along North America and the Caribbean ?
 What are the two cities in Dicken 's `` A Tale of Two Cities '' ?
 What English queen had six fingers on one hand ?
 What river runs through Liverpool ?
 When did Mount St. Helens last erupt ?
 When was child labor abolished ?
 How many three-letter permutations can be made from the four letters : c ?
 What time of year is air travel the heaviest ?
 What 's the longest river in Canada ?
 What tennis player has the nickname `` Nasty '' ?
 What non-conformist abstract painter was dubbed Jack The Dripper by Time ?
 How many furlongs are there in a mile-and-a-quarter recetrack ?
 How many millimeters are in a mile ?
 How big is a baby bald eagle ?
 What was the Great Britain population from 1699-172 ?
 What mountain range marks the border of France and Spain ?
 Who founded the modern theory of probability ?
 How many people did Randy Craft murder ?
 Who 's The King of Swing ?
 What bestselling modern poet was the co-founder of the famous City Lights Bookshop in San Francisco ?
 What South Vietnamese president was assassinated by his generals in 1963 ?
 How old is too old for a child to not be talking ?
 When was the Hoover Dam constructed ?
 How many tenths of the Earth 's surface lie under water ?
 What is the Pennsylvania state income tax rate ?
 Who won the 1968 California Democratic primary ?
 Who spoke the only word in Mel Brooks 's Silent Movie ?
 What was Thatcher 's first name ?
 Who was the first Russian astronaut to walk in space ?
 Who wrote ` Dubliners ' ?
 What is the life expectancy of an elephant ?
 Who is Malaysia 's 43rd prime minister ?
 Who founded the first aerodynamics laboratory in 1912 ?
 What is the fare cost for the round trip between New York and London on Concorde ?
 Who said `` Give me liberty or give me death '' ?
 What is the location of McCarren Airport ?
 By how much will the California state gas tax rise by the year 2000 ?
 Name of the powerful white trader in Conrad 's `` Heart of Darkness '' ?
 How long is the border between Canada and the 48 conterminous states ?
 What is the largest island in the Mediterranean Sea ?
 What was Joe Namath 's first contract worth ?
 Where is Rider College ?
 Where was chop suey invented ?
 Where does dew come from ?
 How old was Lucille Ball when the show `` I Love Lucy '' premiered ?
 What landmark Italian restaurant can be found at 239 West 48th Street , New York City ?
 How many points is a bullseye worth in darts ?
 What are some mythology websites ?
 What nationality is Ileana Cotrubas ?
 What is the population of Kansas ?
 Who invented the pull-tab opener on cans ?
 What is the name of the deranged super-criminal Otto Octavius uses ?
 Whose acceptance speech of more than 3 minutes prompted a time limit on Academy Award thank-yous ?
 How much Coca Cola is drunk in one day in the world ?
 Where did the world come from ?
 What island group is Guadalcanal a part of ?
 Who declared : `` I think I 'll go out and milk the elk '' ?
 How many e-commerce companies are started every day ?
 What 's the only East european country not tied to the ruble ?
 What is Judy Garland 's date of birth ?
 Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?
 What is the length of border between the Ukraine and Russia ?
 What country has the highest arson rate ?
 Who was the actor who played Sam in the movie Casablanca ?
 What city does Orly Airport serve ?
 Where did Woodstock take place ?
 What is the average time to kiss somene ?
 What are the top five oil-producing countries in the world ?
 What New Orleans D.A. claimed : `` My staff and I solved the assassination weeks ago '' ?
 Where can one find Rider College ?
 How much caffeine is in a 16 oz cup of coffee ?
 What was the real name of writer Ross Macdonald , creator of the hero Lew Archer ?
 How big is Australia ?
 What countries have the most auto thefts ?
 Who makes chicken `` finger lickin '' good ?
 What director portrayed the commandant of the POW camp in 1953 's Stalag 17 ?
 What are the names of Jacques Cousteau 's two sons ?
 Who accompanied Space Ghost on his missions ?
 What World War II leader declared : `` The blow has been struck '' ?
 Who was Israel 's first prime minister ?
 What country boasts Ismail 's Palace and the Palace of King Farouk ?
 Where could I go to take a ride on a steam locomotive ?
 Where is the Virtual Desk Reference ?
 How loud is thunder ?
 What California governor said : `` Inaction may be the highest form of action '' ?
 Who was the first person to study the stars ?
 Who is the author of the book , `` The Iron Lady : A Biography of Margaret Thatcher '' ?
 How much would a black-and-white 1-cent stamp be worth , Thomas Jefferson on it ?
 What is the probability that at least 2 out of 25 people will have the same birthday ?
 Where is the bridge over the river Kwai ?
 How many people did the United Nations commit to help restore order and distribute humanitarian relief in Somalia in September 1992 ?
 How many elephants are left on earth ?
 Who did Doris Day mean when she said : `` I call him Ernie because he 's certainly no Rock '' ?
 When was the first practical commercial typewriter marketed ?
 What Scandinavian country covers 173 , 732 square miles ?
 How long would it take to get from Earth to Mars ?
 Where can I get mailing lists ?
 What city boasts the Billingsgate fishmarket ?
 Who is the owner of CNN ?
 How long was the OJ Simpson trial ?
 What country lies directly south of Detroit ?
 Where did surfing originate ?
 What is the tallest mountain ?
 What 's the maximum number of clubs a golfer may use in a round ?
 How many different countries export coffee ?
 How many continents are there ?
 What knighted actor narrates TV 's The World at War ?
 What football coach 's story was told in the movie Run to Daylight ?
 When did the Chernobyl nuclear accident occur ?
 Where did the Maya people live ?
 What was the name of Randy Craft 's lawyer ?
 Kosovo is a province of what country ?
 What New England state covers 5.9 square miles ?
 Hitler came to power in Germany in what year ?
 Who markets Spaghetti-o 's ?
 Where are the Haversian canals ?
 How many people die from tuberculosis each year ?
 Who co-starred with Julie Andrews in Mary Poppins ?
 Where can I find the status of my tax return ?
 What is the horsepower of the shuttle boosters ?
 When was General Manuel Noriega ousted as the leader of Panama and turned over to U.S. authorities ?
 How many years of bad luck follow breaking a mirror ?
 Where is the Kentucky Horse Park ?
 What Argentine boxer was shot dead outside a Nevada brothel in May ?
 What country boasts the most cars per mile of road ?
 What is Jimmy Olsen 's full name ?
 How many people have died of tuberculosis ?
 How many days does a typical mayfly live ?
 What famous New York City mayor wrote the hit song , `` Will You Love Me in December as You Do in May ? ''
 What Russian city used to be called St. Petersburg and Petrograd ?
 How many votes in Congress dissented from the 1941 declaration of war with Japan ?
 Who is Pia Zadora 's millionaire husband and mentor ?
 What U.S. President was the first to breed mules ?
 What astronomer-architect designed the present St. Paul 's Cathedral in London ?
 What feminist wrote Sexual Politics and Flying ?
 Who was the first American world chess champion ?
 Who was the last woman executed in England ?
 How many school districts are there in the United States ?
 How long did the Paris Commune hold out for against the rest of France ?
 How much iron is in your body ?
 When did Thatcher become prime minister ?
 What are some good fractal web sites ?
 What country imposed the Berlin Blockade in 1948 ?
 How much do drugs to treat tuberculosis cost ?
 What kind of habitat does the scorpion live in ?
 How many logarithmic scales are there on a slide rule ?
 Where is Webster University ?
 How hot should the oven be when making Peachy Oat Muffins ?
 How old is Britney Spears ?
 Where can I get piano music for the Jamiroquai song Everyday for the midi ?
 What country 's capital was formed when Pesth and Buda merged ?
 What town was the setting for The Music Man ?
 Where can I find scientific data , `` research papers , '' on textile engineering ?
 How many people die from snakebite poisoning in the U.S. per year ?
 How high is the city of Denver ?
 Who was International Olympic Committee chairman at the 1936 Summer Games ?
 When was Florida admitted into the Union ?
 How many times a year does the American Gourd Society publish The Gourd ?
 Where can I read about Abraham Lincoln ?
 What will the increase be in the California gas tax by 2000 ?
 How far is the longest hole in 1 on any golf course and where did it happen ?
 What appointments secretary to Richard Nixon went to jail ?
 Who released the Internet worm in the late 1980s ?
 What is the name of the American who was captured when his plane went down over Syrian-held Lebanon ?
 What basketball player is credited with 23 , 924 rebounds ?
 How big is a normal size penis for a 15-year-old ?
 How many American soldiers remain unaccounted from the Vietnam war ?
 Where can I find a tape or book to help me say , write and understand Japanese ?
 How many cables support the main span of the Golden Gate Bridge ?
 How much did Manchester United spend on players in 1993 ?
 What was the birthplace of Edgar Allen Poe ?
 What American sergeant lost both of his hands in combat during World War II and then went on to act in a single movie for which he won two Oscars ?
 Who invented the fountain ?
 What room did W.C. Fields keep his library in ?
 What Batman character tools around on a Batcycle ?
 Where can I find the schematics to the windshield wiper mechanism ?
 Who was Sherlock Holmes 's archenemy ?
 Where is `` Global Schoolhouse '' ?
 How many years of schooling after highschool does it take to become a neurosurgeon ?
 What volcano showers ash on Sicily ?
 Where are the U.S. headquarters for Procter & Gamble ?
 When did Mount St. Helen last have a major eruption ?
 What 's the name of Tom Sawyer 's aunt with whom he lives ?
 Which member of the Micronauts spent 1 years traveling the Microverse in the Marvel comics ?
 What doctor claimed in a 1946 book : `` There is no such thing as a bad boy '' ?
 How long has L.L. Cool J. been married ?
 How much did a knight 's armor weigh ?
 What comedian created a punch-drunk pugilist named Cauliflower McPugg ?
 How tall is Prince Charles ?
 What is the weight of air ?
 What is the capital of Uruguay ?
 How long is the world 's largest ship , in meters ?
 How tall is the replica of the Matterhorn at Disneyland ?
 What are the largest deserts in the world ?
 Where is Qatar ?
 What is the richest state in the U.S. ?
 Who is the prime minister in Norway ?
 What actress starred in `` The Lion in Winter '' ?
 Who won the rugby world cup in ?
 How many times was pitcher , Warren Spahn , a 20-game winner in his 21 major league seasons ?
 How many pins are used in skittles ?
 What California bridge was Don Brown the first to cross , on May 27 , 1937 ?
 Who is the famous sister of actress Olivia De Havilland ?
 Which German president was pressured into appointing Hitler chancellor in 1933 ?
 How many people have been killed in wars , armed conflicts ?
 What was the largest city in the world to declare martial law in 1989 ?
 Where is the Thomas Edison Museum ?
 What was the first minimum wage ?
 What is the name of the highest mountain in Africa ?
 What mountain range extends from the Gulf of St. Lawrence to Alabama ?
 How many types of lemurs are there ?
 What famous coach said `` if you can 't beat 'em in the alley , you can 't beat 'em on the ice '' ?
 What onetime member of Ronald Reagan 's cabinet called federal policy toward Indians `` an example of the failure of socialism '' ?
 How many claws has a lobster called a pistol lost ?
 Who was Darth Vader 's son ?
 Who invented the process to make condensed milk ?
 What is the largest city in Connecticut ?
 What is the population of the United States ?
 What actor and actress have made the most movies ?
 Who found Hawaii ?
 Where can I find free piano scores for popular music ?
 When did the American Civil War end ?
 What country is the largest diamond producer ?
 How long does it take the moon to revolve around the Earth ?
 Who protects DC Comics ' realm of dreams ?
 When did the vesuvius last erupt ?
 When did the supercontinent Pangaea break up ?
 Who created Harry Lime ?
 Who was President Cleveland 's wife ?
 What 's the capital of Monaco ?
 What do Englishmen weigh themselves in ?
 How big is the Electoral College ?
 Who invented the Moog Synthesizer ?
 Who makes the `` Die Hard '' car battery ?
 How long does it take to travel from Tokyo to Niigata ?
 What state is the Filenes store located in ?
 What is the starting salary of a radiographer ?
 What is the name of Dolly Parton 's rarely seen husband ?
 Where is the official `` zero '' of the sea level ?
 Whose old London come-on was : `` Buy my sweet lavender '' ?
 Who wrote the lyrics to Porgy and Bess ?
 What chapter of Gone with the Wind has Rhett Butler leaving Scarlett O 'Hara ?
 How many American actors were nominated for the best actor Oscar for 1983 ?
 When did Lucelly Garcia , a former ambassador of Columbia to Honduras , die ?
 How long was the longest sneezing attack ?
 What is the seafaring name for the southern tip of South America ?
 What two New York Yankee pitchers swapped wives and families ?
 When did Nixon visit China ?
 What 's the third month of the Gregorian calendar ?
 What country owns Corsica ?
 How many queen bees reign in a hive ?
 Where can I find a world atlas map online at no charge ?
 What chapter of the Bible has the most verses ?
 What ocean did the Titanic sink in ?
 In what year was the Wall built ?
 Name one of King Henry VIII 's wives .
 What southwestern state is dubbed The Silver State ?
 What country did the Allies invade in World War II 's Operation Avalanche ?
 What famed river was Hernando de Soto the first European to see ?
 When was Christ born ?
 Where do quality drinks begin ?
 Who is the French literary charcter who is chiefly famous for his enormous nose ?
 What country surrounds San Marino , the world 's smallest Republic ?
 Who killed Martin Luther King ?
 Who owns the rights on a TV program ?
 Who invented Astroturf ?
 What season does a hiemal activity normally take place in ?
 What direction do the best surfing beaches face ?
 What is the world record for the longest hair ?
 What Democratic prankster waved the train out of the station while Richard Nixon spoke from the caboose ?
 What California bay 's largest island is Angel Island ?
 What former African leader held his country 's boxing title for nine years ?
 What California bridge was Don Brown the first to cross , on May 27 , 1937 ?
 How much does one ton of cement cost ?
 What 2th-century American poet wrote a four-volume biography of Abraham Lincoln ?
 Where is the oldest living thing on earth ?
 Who stopped making diary entries on May 31 , 1669 , because he thought he was going blind ?
 What journalist can be found in and around Walden Puddle ?
 How many sides does an obelisk have ?
 What woman pitcher has struck out Ted Williams and Hank Aaron ?
 In what year was the cannon invented ?
 How many languages does the Pope speak ?
 What bay divides Maryland 's Eastern and Western Shores ?
 What is the real name of the singer , Madonna ?
 What Frenchman claimed the following ? If God did not exist , it would be necessary to invent him . ''
 Who was the first woman in space ?
 Who discovered imaginary numbers ?
 Who does the voices of the Simpsons ?
 How many feet high is the hurdle in front of a runner 's steeplechase water jump ?
 How many calories are there in a glass of water ?
 Who is the richest person in the world , without owning a business ?
 What is the chemical reactivity of neon ?
 Where can I find info on Alexander Mackenzie ?
 What Georgia town did Scarlett O 'Hara condemn as being full of pushy people ?
 How many countries watch MTV Europe ?
 What is the airport code for Los Angeles International ?
 Where did the real St. Nicholas live ?
 How many eyes does a bat have ?
 Who was the second man to walk on the moon ?
 Where did Dikembe Mutombo go to college ?
 What author was appointed U.S. ambassador to Spain in 1842 ?
 What body of water does the Yukon River empty into ?
 Who is Westview High 's band director in Funky Winkerbean ?
 What is Mark McGwire 's e-mail address ?
 How many maids were milking ?
 The Kentucky Horse Park is located near what city ?
 What geological time do we live in ?
 Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?
 Where is Microsoft 's corporate headquarters located ?
 When was China 's first nuclear test ?
 What singer 's hit song inspired the Dolly Parton Stallone movie Rhinestone ?
 How much can a person be fined for having a dog on a beach ?
 What Asian gulf were the destroyers Maddox and C Turner Joy shot up in ?
 What was Mao , the Chinese leader 's , full name ?
 When is Dick Clark 's birthday ?
 Who is the director of the international group called the Human Genome Organization , HUGO , that is trying to coordinate gene-mapping research worldwide ?
 What character narrates Treasure Island ?
 Who starred with Charlie Chaplin in Modern Times and The Great Dictator ?
 What seven digits follow the area code in the number for long distance information ?
 What Catch-22 character is elected mayor of half a dozen Italian cities ?
 Whom does Uncle Duke 's girl friend , Honey , room with ?
 When called upon to surrender , what American general replied , `` Sir , I have not yet begun to fight . '' ?
 When was the bar-code invented ?
 What relative of Leo Tolstoy translated War and Peace eight times ?
 How many cards is each player dealt in Contract Bridge ?
 Who was the second person ever to wear Iron Man 's armor ?
 Who is the director and editor of the movie Big starring Tom Hanks ?
 What is the Homelite Inc. home page ?
 How old was Stevie Wonder when he signed with Motown Records ?
 Who won two gold medals in skiing in the Olympic Games in Calgary ?
 What year was the Avery Dennison company founded ?
 Where does the U.S. rank among world countries in area ?
 What are the names of all the seas in the world and what ocean do they drain into ?
 Name the highest mountain .
 What island is home to statues called Mauis ?
 Where was Pythagoras born ?
 What is the price for AAA 's liability auto insurance ?
 Who are the top ten richest people in the world ?
 Who is the leader of Brunei ?
 What is the capital of Italy ?
 What is the greatest hiking Web site ?
 What is the population of Arcadia , Florida ?
 Who were the head writers for the Smothers Brothers Comedy Hour ?
 Who portrayed Prewett in From Here to Eternity ?
 How many people live in cities ?
 How high must a mountain be to be called a mountain ?
 What Scottish poet penned To a Mouse and To a Louse ?
 What is the name of the inventor of silly putty ?
 What ocean surrounds the Madeira Islands ?
 What famous communist leader died in Mexico City ?
 What are the capital cities of the two large countries that occupy the Iberian peninsula in Europe ?
 How many mines can still be found in the Falklands after the war ended ?
 How many gallons of water go over Niagra Falls every second ?
 Who was the first woman to run the mile in less than 4 36893 minutes ?
 How many copies of an album must be sold for it to be a gold album ?
 Who awarded The Flying Fickle Finger of Fate ?
 In Sinclair Lewis ' `` Main Street , '' what was the name of the typical American town ?
 What is the largest city in Texas ?
 What future deer hunter portrayed Annie Hall 's neurotic brother , Duane ?
 Where can I get a map of Prussia on the Internet ?
 What are the five richest countries in the world ?
 Where is McCarren Airport ?
 What are the top boy names in the U.S. ?
 How many tiles did the Space Shuttle Columbia lose on its second flight ?
 How many teaspoons make up a tablespoon ?
 Who was the lyricist and who was the composer between Gilbert and Sullivan ?
 Who was the lawyer for Randy Craft ?
 Who was the 3rd president of the United States ?
 Name Dick Tracy 's two children .
 What fraction of a beaver 's life is spent swimming ?
 How much will gas be taxed in California by the year 2000 ?
 Who gave King Arthur the round table ?
 What state in the United States covers the largest area ?
 Who became president of the U.S. in 1789 ?
 Who wrote `` The Scarlet Letter '' ?
 Who did Sara Jane Moore try to assassinate ?
 How many dots make up the symbol for `` because '' ?
 Which king signed the Magna Carta ?
 Name the child left on a doorstep at the beginning of Gasoline Alley .
 How many zip codes are there in the U.S. ?
 How long does it take the Milky Way Galaxy to make one revolution ?
 How many people own pets ?
 What web sites are linked to the Report on Genesis Eldercare ?
 How long does it take different materials to decompose ?
 How many colors are there in a rainbow ?
 What was Darth Vader 's son named ?
 What British female pop singing star of the 1960s and early 1970s was a child actress in the 1940s and '50s ?
 Where is McCarren Airport located ?
 What part of Britain comprises the Highlands , Central Lowlands , and Southern Uplands ?
 How many Marx Brothers were there ?
 How tall is the Matterhorn ?
 What country is proud to claim Volcano National Park ?
 When was Babe Ruth born ?
 Who portrayed Field Marshal Erwin Rommel in The Desert Fox ?
 What direction do most baseball pitchers pitch toward ?
 How many Beanie Baby sites are there ?
 Where are diamonds mined ?
 How much money did the Marcos steal from their country ?
 Who makes the `` cross-your-heart bra '' ?
 Who is Archie Bunker 's son-in-law ?
 What President became Chief Justice after his presidency ?
 How many innings constitute an official baseball game ?
 What city has a newspaper called The Plain Dealer ?
 What U.S. state boasts Leif Ericson Park ?
 How many flavors does Baskin & Robbins offer ?
 Who was chief engineer of the Starship Enterprise ?
 What mayor made so many TV appearances he was asked to join AFTRA in 1984 ?
 How much in miles is a ten K run ?
 When was Beethoven born ?
 Who is the most sexy celebrity ?
 What detective lives on Punchbowl Hill and has 11 children ?
 Where did the ukulele originate ?
 Rotary engines used to be made by whom ?
 Who portrayed the title character in the film The Day of the Jackal ?
 What is the name of the gulf between Sweden and Finland ?
 Who was the first X-Man to die in battle ?
 Who is the President of Ghana ?
 What two countries is Andorra nestled between ?
 How long ago was the Roe vs. Wade decision by the Supreme Court ?
 What are the four largest mountain ranges in the continental United States ?
 What is the size of the student body at the University of Massachusetts in Amherst ?
 Who starred in the movie The War of the Worlds ?
 How many different kinds of ice cream are there ?
 What actor , who had greatest fame on TV , became the father of triplets ?
 What is the Homelite Inc. home page ?
 What is Columbia Tristar 's phone number ?
 Where was Tesla born ?
 Who shot Lee Harvey Oswald ?
 When did Jaco Pastorius die ?
 What 's the most common street name in America ?
 What are the top 5 tallest buildings in the world ?
 Who portrayed Renaud in Casablanca ?
 What country has problems with hooligans ?
 What planet did Percival Lovell discover ?
 How often are brain cells replaced ?
 How much did Mercury spend on advertising in 1993 ?
 What country contains the westernmost point in South America ?
 What 's the American dollar equivalent for 8 pounds in the U.K. ?
 What year did Charles Dicken die ?
 When did the last Americans leave Vietnam ?
 What famed clown appeared on an early Howdy Doody Show and insisted that Clarabell be made up as a real clown ?
 How many people died when the Estonia sank in 1994 ?
 What Southern California town is named after a character made famous by Edgar Rice Burroughs ?
 How many colors are there in a rainbow ?
 What is the habitat of the chickadee ?
 What city 's the kickoff point for climbs of Mount Everest ?
 What is the average salary of a paleontologist ?
 Where is the largest post office building in the world ?
 Who is currently the most popular singer in the world ?
 How many endangered species are there in the world ?
 Which large U.S. city had the highest murder rate for 1988 ?
 Who was the bandleader mentor of Ella Fitzgerald with whom she cowrote `` A_Tisket , A-Tasket '' ?
 Who invented basketball ?
 When was the last major eruption of Mount St. Helens ?
 What hockey player did Ronald Reagan joke he would swap Texas for ?
 What President was buried at his ancestral home overlooking the Hudson River at Hyde Park , New York ?
 How much did the first Barbie doll sell for in 1959 ?
 What country was General Douglas McArthur in when he was recalled by President Truman ?
 What is the latitude and longitude of El Paso , Texas ?
 How many head injuries are there in recreational ice skating each year ?
 A normal human pregnancy lasts how many months ?
 Who domesticated the wild turkey ?
 What country does Ileana Cotrubas come from ?
 What two European countries are joined by the Gran San Bernardo Pass ?
 What was the name of the US helicopter pilot shot down over North Korea ?
 Name the designer of the shoe that spawned millions of plastic imitations , known as ` jellies ' .
 Who is Olive Oyl 's brother ?
 What king boycotted Prince Charles 's wedding ?
 What was the nickname of model Leslie Hornby ?
 Where is the Taj Mahal ?
 In 139 the papal court was forced to move from Rome to where ?
 What is the first day of the week ?
 What capital is built around Monument Circle which contains soldiers and sailors monument ?
 How many of them are in sub-Saharan Africa ?
 What famed wall supports the Badaling turret ?
 Who portrayed Fatman in the television show , `` Jake and the Fatman '' ?
 Where are good science sites on the Internet ?
 What woman was Time 's Man of the Year for 1952 ?
 Who wrote The Ugly Duckling ?
 Who designed London Bridge ?
 How many miles are there between Tel Aviv , Israel and Memphis , Tennessee ?
 How many flavors of ice cream does Howard Johnson 's have ?
 Where are the busiest Amtrak rail stations in the U.S. ?
 How many freckles does Howdy Doody have on his face ?
 Who was considered to be the father of psychology ?
 How tall was the animated King Kong ?
 What is the population of Japan ?
 Where was the largest concentration camp in World War II ?
 How much did Alaska cost when bought from Russia ?
 How many events make up the decathlon ?
 What were the first bodies visited by spacecraft ?
 Who succeeded Nikita Khrushchev as first secretary of the Communist Party ?
 Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?
 Name of the lady the Great Gatsby pines for ?
 How many bails are there in a cricket wicket ?
 What city was Martin Luther King Jr. assassinated in ?
 What celebrity couple , when going through a divorce , divided their toilet paper into two equal piles ?
 Where 's the Bernini-Bristol Hotel ?
 Who said `` What contemptible scoundrel stole the cork from my lunch ? ''
 What is the capital of Kosovo ?
 How many letters appear with the numbers 2 to 9 on a telephone dial ?
 What were the first three cities to have a population of more than a million ?
 What was the minimum wage in 1991 ?
 What country is the biggest producer of tungsten ?
 When is the Jimmy Buffett concert coming to the E center in Camden NJ ?
 What European country abandoned postage stamps in 1923 because printing them cost more than their face value ?
 Who was the 1st U.S. President ?
 How much did Varian Associates try to sell its vacuum products division to the BOC group for ?
 How many people hike ?
 Who played Maria in the film West Side Story ?
 Who bestowed great power upon Captain Britain ?
 What nationality is a Sicilian ?
 What is the most common boy 's or girl 's name ?
 Who was the accused in The Trial of the Century , which opened Janurary 1 , 1935 ?
 What is the oldest building in the United States ?
 How many people died on South Carolina highways in 1998 ?
 What is President Nixon 's birthdate ?
 How many people died in the Vietnam war ?
 What year did Montana become a state ?
 When was the USSR dissolved ?
 What Japanese city was once called Edo ?
 Who did the Seven Mules block for ?
 What 's the name of the actress who starred in the movie , `` Silence of the Lambs '' ?
 Where is one 's corpus callosum found ?
 Who did Napolean defeat at Jena and Auerstadt ?
 What British prime minister and U.S. president were seventh cousins once-removed ?
 How many objects orbit the Earth ?
 What 's the oldest capital city in the Americas ?
 What is the location of Edinburgh , Scotland ?
 How many muscles does the average adult use when going for a walk ?
 How long do you have to live in a community to vote ?
 What was the name of the Titanic 's captain ?
 Name of heroine in `` Scruples '' ?
 How big is the Chappellet vineyard ?
 Jackson Pollock was a native of what country ?
 Who wrote The Godfather ?
 What is the frequency of VHF ?
 What island was the target of the U.S. 's Operation Urgent Fury ?
 Which of the following TV newsmen was a Rhodes scholar ?
 What six-foot temperance advocate wielded her hatchet on saloons ?
 How many islands does Fiji have ?
 Who invented volleyball ?
 What 's the most powerful country in the world ?
 Who led the Normans to victory in the Battle of Hastings ?
 What percentage of the world 's plant and animal species can be found in the Amazon forests ?
 What 's the name of the star of the cooking show , `` Galloping Gourmet '' ?
 Who invented the horoscope ?
 What king was forced to agree to the Magna Carta ?
 How many electoral college votes does Colorado have ?
 What were Babe Ruth 's Christian names ?
 How many bottles of wine were prisoners in the Bastille allowed per day ?
 Where do lobsters like to live ?
 Who was the first elected mayor of Washington , D.C. ?
 When was the Big Thompson flood ?
 Who wrote the sci-fi trilogy Foundation , Foundation and Empire , and Second Foundation ?
 How many hours of work does it take a typist to complete a 100-page screenplay ?
 What is Alice Cooper 's real name ?
 What two cities usually mark the extremes of English Channel swims ?
 How many times does the tide ebb and flow each day ?
 Who invented television ?
 Name the person who burst through the screen in the Lite beer commercials .
 What U.S. vice-president killed Alexander Hamilton in a duel ?
 What 's the Fahrenheit equivalent of zero degrees centigrade ?
 How many muscles does an oyster have ?
 Who wrote `` Much Ado About Nothing '' ?
 Where can I get information concerning child custody files for the State of Utah ?
 What Louisiana Senator won a seat that had been held by his father and mother ?
 Who won Oscars for her roles in Gone with the Wind and A Streetcar Named Desire ?
 What writer is famous for physically putting himself into the center of his subject matter ?
 Who 's the lead singer of the Led Zeppelin band ?
 In Dana 's `` Two Years Before the Mast , '' what seafarers lived in an abandoned oven on the beach at San Diego ?
 Who plays the cop in the movie `` Kindergarten Cop '' ?
 How many characters makes up a word for typing test purposes ?
 What was the 1940 annual salary for a boilermaker ?
 Who created Billy Pilgrim , a survivor of the Dresden firestorm ?
 What country saw the origin of the Asian Flu ?
 Who is the richest woman in the world ?
 Where can I take a test that will tell me what I should be when I grow up ?
 What lake in Scotland is said to hold one or more monsters ?
 Who were the 1974 Oscar winners ?
 Who wrote the book , `` Huckleberry Finn '' ?
 Who would you use the Heimlich maneuver on ?
 What famed library can you reach by dialing 22-287-5 ?
 Where can I get a complete listing of showtimes in my area ?
 Where 's Montenegro ?
 Where is Glasgow ?
 What North American city boasts the biggest Polish population ?
 What radio , TV and movie character did Jackie Gleason and William Bendix play ?
 Where is it planned to berth the merchant ship , Lane Victory , which Merchant Marine veterans are converting into a floating museum ?
 What is Maurizio Pellegrin 's age ?
 How many thousands of students attend the University of Massachusetts ?
 Name the U.S. Senate majority leader and the Speaker of the House .
 What female suspect in the game of Clue is single ?
 Who owns CNN ?
 About how many Americans are still unaccounted for from the Vietnam war ?
 What is the chemical reactivity of neon ?
 What is the oldest website on the Internet ?
 What member of The Little Rascals has an on-again , off-again sweetheart in Darla Hood ?
 What country are you visiting if you land at President Duvalier Airport ?
 What attorney-general ordered the closing of Alcatraz ?
 What is the capital of Congo ?
 What is a country that starts with the letter x ?
 What countries earn the most from tourism ?
 Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?
 When are the Oscars Academy Awards in 1999 ?
 Who was the prophet of the Jewish people ?
 What is the most common name ?
 Who was the oldest U.S. president ?
 When was Dubai 's first concrete house built ?
 Who is the prophet of the religion of Islam ?
 Who portrayed Maggio in the film From Here to Eternity ?
 Where are zebras most likely found ?
 What are the odds of giving birth to twins ?
 What is the best place to live in the world , considering climate , civilization ?
 Name the cartoon genie conjured by the magic ring shared by Nancy and Chuck .
 What is the amount of money owed for illegally having a dog on a beach ?
 What is the web address at which I can find the e-mail address of a member of the US House of Representatives ?
 How big is the largest diamond ?
 When did the original Howdy Doody show go off the air ?
 How many languages are there in the world ?
 Who were the only two bald U.S. Presidents ?
 Which member of Charlie 's Angels sang vocals for Josie and the Pussycats ?
 What river flows past the Temple of Karnak ?
 What comedian was The Perfect Fool ?
 Where do you find information about the Queensland National Competition Policy
 Who loved Flash Gordon besides Dale ?
 Where can I get information on the original 13 US colonies ?
 How many inches over six feet is Tom Selleck ?
 Who 's the only president buried in Washington
 How much could you rent a Volkswagen bug for in 1966 ?
 Whose singing voice was dubbed in for Natalie Wood in West Side Story and Audrey Hepburn in My Fair Lady ?
 What is the mean income of the top 10% , top 5% , and top 1% ?
 What North American city sprouts the most parking meters ?
 What is the largest and most expensive freeway construction project in the U.S. right now ?
 Where did Gulliver find a race of tiny people ?
 How much stronger is the new vitreous carbon material invented by the Tokyo Institute of Technology compared with the material made from cellulose ?
 How much do tuberculosis combatting drugs cost ?
 President Bush compared Saddam Hussein to whom ?
 What TV comedian worked with White Fang , Black Tooth and Pookie the Lion ?
 Who created the character James Bond ?
 Where did the Japanese Imperial Forces surrender to end WWII ?
 How many rows of whiskers does a cat have ?
 What British general surrendered to the colonial army at Saratoga ?
 What is the world population as of today ?
 What city would you be in if you were feeding the pigeons in the Piazza San Marco ?
 What artist 's studio was the Bateau-Lavoir in Montmartre ?
 What is the name of the planet that the Ewoks live on ?
 How many words are there in the Spanish language ?
 Where is there information on the novel `` El Cid '' ?
 How many members of a family could be drafted in the U.S. military during World War II ?
 Who wrote the song , `` Silent Night '' ?
 What is the average date when most malls begin putting up Christmas holiday decorations ?
 How many characters are in the Chinese alphabet ?
 Where is Burma ?
 Who wrote The Collector ?
 Who was Samuel Johnsons 's friend and biographer ?
 What kind of women gave Sigmund Freud erotic dreams ?
 How many hummingbird eggs could fit in one ostrich egg ?
 Who wrote the bestselling Missionary Travels and Researches in South Africa , published in 1857 ?
 Who played the father on `` Charles in Charge '' ?
 What is the gestation period for human pregnancies ?
 Where did the name Daniel originate ?
 How long does the average domesticated ferret live ?
 What states do not have state income tax ?
 What city has the two steepest streets in the U.S. ?
 Name the country of giants twelve times the size of man in `` Gulliver 's Travels . ''
 What 's men 's par on a 455-yard golf hole ?
 How many countries are there ?
 Where does most of the marijuana entering the United States come from ?
 Who are the top 10 richest people in the world ?
 How many yards are in 1 mile ?
 What actor was the first man to appear on the cover of McCall 's ?
 When was the first successful heart transplant for a human ?
 What country boasts Cawdor Castle , Glamis Castle , and Blair Castle ?
 What country is Mount Everest in ?
 Which country is the largest country in Latin America ?
 Name the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse .
 How many watts make a kilowatt ?
 What female faith healer wrote the inspirational book I Believe in Miracles ?
 Where did King Francis I hang the `` Mona Lisa '' when he owned it ?
 What famous husband-and-wife team did radio ads for Blue Nun wine ?
 How many times has Harold Stassen announced a drive for the White House ?
 What are bottle caps with presidents ' pictures inside worth ?
 Where can I find the history of the Hungarian language ?
 Who tramped through Florida looking for the Fountain of Youth ?
 In 1990 , what day of the week did Christmas fall on ?
 How many American soldiers are stationed in South Korea ?
 How many feet more than 2 is the average height of the Great Wall of China ?
 How long ago did the Anglican church part from the Vatican ?
 How much did Lucy Van Pelt originally charge for psychiatric sessions ?
 Who followed up his first two underwater thrillers with The Girl of the Sea of Cortez ?
 When was the Parthenon built ?
 How long does a pig 's orgasm last ?
 What U.S. state comes last in an alphabetical list ?
 How many mountains have been named for Presidents in the continental USA ?
 What are the unemployment statistics for the years 1965 and 1990 ?
 Who is the one Independent Member of Congress ?
 What two presidents of the U.S. published books of poetry ?
 Which of the Seven Dwarfs comes first alphabetically ?
 What professional cricketer 's son wrote The War of the Worlds in 1898 ?
 How many inches apart are adjacent pins in tenpin bowling ?
 How many miles of corridors are in The Pentagon ?
 What U.S. state includes the San Juan Islands ?
 What English playwright penned : `` Where the bee sucks , so shall I '' ?
 How deep is a fathom ?
 What was Fred Astaire 's dancing partner 's name ?
 What is the highest number of home runs on record for any one game ?
 What heavyweight boxer was known as The Wild Bull of the Pampas ?
 How many quarts of whole milk is needed to make one pound of butter ?
 What London street claims to be the world center for men 's tailoring ?
 How old is the universe ?
 When does the Bible say the seasons started ?
 What bordering country is due north of Costa Rica ?
 What nation boarders Mozambique ?
 The Olympic Games in which year allowed Nadia Comaneci to become popular ?
 What TV talk-show host lends his name to a line of men 's clothing ?
 How many people die of tuberculosis yearly ?
 Who invented the electric guitar ?
 What is the capital of California ?
 What country comes last in an alphabetical list ?
 How hot should the oven be when baking Peachy Oat Muffins ?
 What country is the worlds leading supplier of cannabis ?
 Who is the President of Pergament ?
 What city is the Kentucky Horse Park near ?
 Where did Hillary Clinton graduate college ?
 What American naval officer broke Japan 's isolationist policy in 1853 ?
 Who gave us the `` Rolling Writer '' ?
 Who wrote The Secret Life of Walter Mitty ?
 Who is the head of the World Bank ?
 How many people does Honda employ in the U.S. ?
 How much calcium should an adult female have daily ?
 What is the most popular last name ?
 Who moderated the first Kennedy-Nixon TV debate ?
 Who portrayed George M. Cohan in 1942 's Yankee Doodle Dandy ?
 When was Nostradamus born ?
 Who 's the only U.S. president to have won a Pulitzer Prize ?
 What is the country of origin for the name Thomas ?
 What is the population of the largest Chilean city
 What country has the highest per capita consumption of cheese ?
 Who invented `` The Muppets '' ?
 What sea is Bombay on ?
 What fool is not so wise To lose an oath to win a paradise ?
 Where in the Americas is it only 47 miles from the Atlantic to the Pacific ?
 How tall was the animated Frankenstein
 What U.S. city is known as The Rubber Capital of the World ?
 What countries have the highest ratio of university students ?
 How many miles is it from NY to Austria ?
 How big is the universe actually ?
 What monarch signed the Magna Carta ?
 How many sides does a heptagon have ?
 Where are there aborigines ?
 On what river is Rome built ?
 Where on the Web is Adventours Tours from Sydney , Australia ?
 Where were the 1936 Summer Olympics held ?
 What cathedral was Thomas Becket murdered in ?
 The Kentucky Horse Park is close to which American city ?
 How old was Sir Edmund Hillary when he climbed Mt. Everest ?
 Where in a tree does photosynthesis occur ?
 What strait links the Mediterranean Sea and the Atlantic Ocean ?
 What airport is on the Piccadilly subway line ?
 What seven digits follow the area code in the number for long distance information ?
 What city 's airport is named Logan International ?
 What Pope inaugurated Vatican International Radio ?
 How many times more than 3
 How many names are there for Eskimo people ?
 What king is satirized in the line : `` The King was in the countinghouse , counting all his money '' ?
 What is the nickname of Pennsylvania ?
 When was the first stained glass window made ?
 What Pope inaugurated Vatican International Radio ?
 What director made one silent and one sound version of The Ten Commandments ?
 When did swimming become commonplace ?
 Which presidents of the USA were Masons ?
 Who was the tallest U.S. president ?
 What is the largest museum in the world ?
 What character in The Beverly Hillbillies has the given names Daisy Moses ?
 What comedienne calls her sister-in-law Captain Bligh and her mother-in-law Moby Dick ?
 How many gallons of paint does it take to paint the Golden Gate Bridge ?
 What president also became a supreme court justice ?
 When does menstruation begin ?
 Where did makeup originate ?
 How deep is a fathom ?
 What U.S. state is Mammoth Cave National Park in ?
 Who was actress June Havoc 's legendary sister ?
 What is the chromosome number of an elephant ?
 Who killed JFK ?
 Who was the star witness at the Senate Watergate hearings ?
 In what country is a stuck-out tongue a friendly greeting ?
 Who is the son-in-law of Sen. Everett Dirkson who was also a senator in the '70 's ?
 Where is Erykah Badu originally from ?
 Where can I buy a pony on the Big Island for my daughter ?
 How old was George Washington when he died ?
 How many blacks served in the Vietnam War
 What were the last names of gangsters Bonnie and Clyde ?
 What is the address of the famous Mexican star `` Thalia '' ?
 Who invented panties ?
 What President had never held an elected office until he was elected to the White House ?
 Who is the richest person in the world ?
 How much time does the blinking of an eye take ?
 How deep is a fathom ?
 When did the use of `` the syringe '' first appear in medicinal history ?
 How many people visit the Pope each month ?
 What planet gave bith to Superman ?
 What month of the year is there no television in Iceland ?
 Who is buried in the great pyramid of Giza ?
 What is the most important nation in the world , historically ?
 What is the current unemployment rate in the U.S. ?
 When was the first railroad from the east coast to the west coast completed ?
 How fast can a Corvette go ?
 What famous actress made her first appearance on stage at the age of five in the year 191 as `` Baby '' ?
 How much did a McDonald 's hamburger cost in 1963 ?
 Where is the group M People from ?
 What country is famous for Persian rugs ?
 How many were in attendance at the Last Supper ?
 How long should you feed your puppy Purina Puppy Chow ?
 What city is graced by the Arch of Titus ?
 What is Michael Jackson 's father 's name ?
 Who was the girl in Peter Sellers 's soup ?
 What creative genius said : `` Everything comes to him who hustles while he waits '' ?
 Where is the world 's most active volcano located ?
 What country is bounded in part by the Indian Ocean and Coral and Tasman seas ?
 How many people did Randy Steven Craft murder ?
 How many small businesses are there in the United States ?
 Who was Ben Casey 's boss ?
 What multitalented Academy-award-winning director failed a college course in motion-picture production ?
 Where is Ayer 's rock ?
 When was the Berlin Wall erected ?
 When was cigarette advertising banned on television and radio ?
 What wild and crazy guy wrote a book called Cruel Shoes ?
 What city 's theatrical district has been dubbed The Roaring Forties ?
 What should the temperature be set at while baking Peachy Oat Muffins ?
 How many home runs did Babe Ruth hit in his lifetime ?
 Who was in Death of a Salesman original movie , not 1985 ?
 What is Dr. Ruth 's last name ?
 Where was George Washington born ?
 How many colors are there in the spectrum ?
 What 's the middle name of movie producer Joseph E. Levine ?
 What two Caribbean countries share the island of Hispaniola ?
 Who told all in Ball Four ?
 Who followed Willy Brandt as chancellor of the Federal Republic of Germany ?
 What continent 's second-highest peak is Mont Blanc ?
 What Peruvian city is home to the mummified body of Francisco Pizarro ?
 When did French revolutionaries storm the Bastille ?
 How many men died building the Mackinaw Bridge ?
 What name does the world know Renaissance artist Kyriakos Theotokopoulos by ?
 Who is the president of Bolivia ?
 What nationality is Gorbachev ?
 Who played the title role in The Romantic Englishwoman ?
 What President once told Gene Autry : `` Please give my regards to your wife Dale '' ?
 Who made the deodorant that claimed that it `` actually builds up resistance to odor '' ?
 Who used AuH2O as an election slogan ?
 How long do you have to pay back debt after claiming chapter 11 bankruptcy ?
 What ocean surrounds the Maldive Islands ?
 What South American country won its first World Cup soccer title in 1978 ?
 How many cullions does a male have ?
 What painter popularized soup cans and Brillo soap pad boxes ?
 Who played Lucas McCain on The Rifleman ?
 What colorful sea 's region does Greek legend say the Amazons lived near ?
 Who was the only person convicted in the My Lai Massacre ?
 On what continent is Mozambique ?
 Who was the lawyer who represented Randy Steven Craft ?
 What part did Benjamin Franklin play in the development of the newspaper in America ?
 When was Microsoft established ?
 When did President Kennedy , Lee Harvey Oswald , and Jack Ruby all die ?
 What is the U.S. location of Procter & Gamble corporate offices ?
 What state is known as the Hawkeye State ?
 Who is the prime minister of Australia ?
 What are all the southern states of the U.S. ?
 What does the River Seine empty into ?
 What state did Anita Bryant represent in the 1959 Miss America contest ?
 How many soldiers were involved in the last Panama invasion by the United States of America ?
 How many propellers helped power the plane the Wright brothers flew into history ?
 Who died with more than 1 , 000 U.S. patents to his credit ?
 What was the name of Randy Steven Craft 's lawyer ?
 Who won the first general election for President held in Malawi in May 1994 ?
 Where is South Bend ?
 What country has the most coastline ?
 What two states is Washington D.C. between ?
 In what year did Joe DiMaggio compile his 56-game hitting streak ?
 What year was the setting for American Graffiti ?
 When did the art of quilting begin ?
 How much did the Iran-Contra investigation cost ?
 What Argentine revolutionary fought with Castro and died in Bolivia in May , 1979 ?
 What botanical marvel did Nebuchadnezzar build ?
 What famous comic strip character died of acne ?
 How many John Deere tractors have been manufactured ?
 When did communist control end in Hungary ?
 What has been the most common Christian name of U.S. presidents ?
 How many cherubs are there on a Trivial Pursuit board ?
 How many people live in Chile ?
 What European country 's monarchy was restored in 1975 ?
 What English explorer discovered and named Virginia ?
 What country is home to Heineken beer ?
 When did Charles Lindbergh die ?
 How many athletes did Puerto Rico enter in the 1984 Winter Olympics ?
 What is the highest continent ?
 Where can I find information on becoming a journalist ?
 In what city does Maurizio Pellegrin now live ?
 What is the temperature today ?
 What is the temperature for cooking ?